UNITED STATESSECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM 10-K(Mark One)☒ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021OR☐TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934For the transition period from _______ to _______Commission File Number: 001-39497UNITY SOFTWARE INC.(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)Delaware27-0334803(State or other jurisdiction ofincorporation or organization)(I.R.S. EmployerIdentification No.)30 3rd StreetSan Francisco, California 94103‑3104(Address, including zip code, of principal executive offices)(415) 539‑3162(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:Title of each classTrading Symbol(s)Name of each exchange on which registeredCommon stock, $0.000005 par valueUThe New York Stock ExchangeSecurities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NoneIndicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.     Yes x     No     oIndicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act.     Yes     o No xIndicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.     Yes x     No     oIndicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S‑T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).     Yes x     No     oIndicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non‑accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b‑2 of the Exchange Act.Large accelerated filer☒Accelerated filer☐Non‑accelerated filer☐Smaller reporting company☐Emerging growth company☐If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.☐Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.     Yes     ☒     No     ☐Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b‑2 of the Exchange Act).     Yes     ☐     No     xThe aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of a share of the registrant’s common stock on June 30, 2021 (the last business day of the registrant's second fiscal quarter), as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on that date, was approximately $10.3 billion.As of February 15, 2022, there were 294,095,327 shares of the registrant’s common stock outstanding.DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCEPortions of the registrant’s definitive proxy statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the registrant's fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K where indicated.UNITY SOFTWARE INC.FORM 10‑KFor the Year Ended December 31, 2021TABLE OF CONTENTSPagePART IItem 1.Business1Item 1A.Risk Factors13Item 1B.Unresolved Staff Comments61Item 2.Properties61Item 3.Legal Proceedings61Item 4.Mine Safety Disclosures61PART IIItem 5.Market For Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities61Item 6.[Reserved]63Item 7.Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations64Item 7A.Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk83Item 8.Financial Statements and Supplementary Data84Item 9.Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure135Item 9A.Controls and Procedures135Item 9B.Other Information138Item 9C.Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspection138PART IIIItem 10.Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance139Item 11.Executive Compensation139Item 12.Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters139Item 13.Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence139Item 14.Principal Accountant Fees and Services139PART IVItem 15.Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules140Item 16.Form 10-K Summary142SIGNATURES143iiiNOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements about us and our industry that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our future results of operations or financial condition, business strategy and plans, and objectives of management for future operations are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “contemplate,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “target,” “toward,” “will,” “would,” or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning the following:•our expectations regarding our financial performance, including revenue, cost of revenue, gross profit or gross margin, operating expenses, key metrics, and our ability to achieve or maintain future profitability;•our ability to effectively manage our growth;•anticipated trends, growth rates, and challenges in our business and in the markets in which we operate;•our expectations regarding the demand for real-time 3D ("RT3D") content in gaming and other industries and our ability to increase revenue from these industries;•economic and industry trends;•our ability to increase sales of our solutions;•our ability to attract and retain customers;•our ability to expand our offerings and cross-sell to our existing customers;•our expectations regarding the plans implemented or announced by Apple with respect to access of advertising identifiers and related matters, and the potential impact on our financial performance;•our ability to maintain and expand our relationships with strategic partners;•our ability to continue to grow across all major global markets;•the effects of increased competition in our markets and our ability to successfully compete with companies that are currently in, or may in the future enter, the markets in which we operate;•our estimated market opportunity;•our ability to timely and effectively scale and adapt our solutions;•our ability to continue to innovate and enhance our solutions;•our ability to develop new products, features and use cases and bring them to market in a timely manner, and whether our customers and prospective customers will adopt these new products, features and use cases;•our ability to maintain, protect, and enhance our brand and intellectual property;•our ability to identify, complete, and integrate acquisitions that complement and expand the functionality of our platform;•our ability to comply or remain in compliance with laws and regulations that currently apply or become applicable to our business in the United States ("U.S.") and globally;•our reliance on key personnel and our ability to attract, maintain, and retain management and skilled personnel;iv•the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic or other public health crises; and•the future trading prices of our common stock.We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10‑K.You should not rely on forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10‑K primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. Readers are cautioned that these forward‑looking statements are only predictions and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict, including those identified below, under “Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors” and elsewhere herein. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10‑K. The results, events, and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur, and actual results, events, or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements.In addition, statements that “we believe” and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based on information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10‑K. While we believe such information provides a reasonable basis for these statements, such information may be limited or incomplete. Our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely on these statements.The forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10‑K relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10‑K to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10‑K or to reflect new information, actual results, revised expectations, or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or investments.Additional InformationUnless the context otherwise requires, all references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to “we,” “us,” “our,” “our company,” “Unity,” and “Unity Technologies” refer to Unity Software Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. The Unity design logos, “Unity” and our other registered or common law trademarks, service marks, or trade names appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of Unity Software Inc. or its affiliates. Other trade names, trademarks, and service marks used in this Annual Report are the property of their respective owners.Investors and others should note that we may announce material business and financial information using our investor relations website (www.investors.unity.com), our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, press releases, public conference calls, and public webcasts as means of complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. We encourage investors and others interested in our company to review the information that we make available.User MetricsWe define monthly active end users as the number of unique devices that have started an application made with Unity, or that have requested an advertisement from Unity Ads, during the trailing 30 days from month end. Devices tracked include smartphones, tablets, PCs, Macs, and augmented and virtual reality devices, and exclude consoles and WebGL applications. This metric includes end users of both our non-paying and paying creators.vRISK FACTORS SUMMARYInvesting in our common stock involves numerous risks, including the risks described in “Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Below are some of these risks, any one of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.•We have a history of losses and may not achieve or sustain profitability in the future.•We have a limited history operating our business at its current scale, and as a result, our past results may not be indicative of future operating performance.•Our core value of putting our users first may cause us to forgo short-term gains and may not lead to the long-term benefits we expect.•Our business and operations have experienced recent rapid growth, which may not be indicative of our future growth. Our rapid growth also makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects.•Our business depends on our ability to retain our existing customers and expand their use of our platform.•If we are unable to attract new customers, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected.•We derive a significant portion of our revenue from our Operate Solutions. If we fail to attract and retain Operate Solutions customers, our business and results of operations would be adversely affected.•Operating system platform providers or application stores may change terms of service, policies or technical requirements to require us or our customers to change data collection and privacy practices, business models, operations, practices, advertising activities or application content, which could adversely impact our business.•If we are unable to further expand into new industries, or if our solutions for any new industry fail to achieve market acceptance, our growth and operating results could be adversely affected, and we may be required to reconsider our growth strategy.•Our business relies on strategic relationships with hardware, operating system, device, game console and other technology providers. If we are unable to maintain favorable terms and conditions and business relations with respect to our strategic relationships, our business could be harmed.•If we do not make our platform, including new versions or technology advancements, easier to use or properly train customers on how to use our platform, our ability to broaden the appeal of our platform and solutions and to increase our revenue could suffer.•Interruptions, performance problems, or defects associated with our platform may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.•The markets in which we participate are competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed.•If we or our third-party service providers experience a security breach or unauthorized parties otherwise obtain access to our customers’ data, our data, or our platform, our platform may be perceived as not secure, our reputation may be harmed, our business operations may be disrupted, demand for our products may be reduced, and we may incur significant liabilities.•If we fail to timely release updates and new features to our platform and adapt and respond effectively to rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, changing regulations, or changing customer needs, requirements, or preferences, our platform may become less competitive.vi•We may not be able to successfully manage our growth, and if we are not able to grow efficiently, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed.•We rely on the performance of highly skilled personnel, including our management and other key employees, and the loss of one or more of such personnel, or of a significant number of our employees, or the inability to attract and retain executives and employees we need to support our operations and growth, could harm our business.•Our business depends on the interoperability of our solutions across third-party platforms, operating systems, and applications, and on our ability to ensure our platform and solutions operate effectively on those platforms. If we are not able to integrate our solutions with third-party platforms in a timely manner, our business may be harmed.•We are dependent on the success of our customers in the gaming market. Adverse events relating to our customers or their games could have a negative impact on our business.•We rely upon third-party data centers and providers of cloud-based infrastructure to host our platform. Any disruption in the operations of these third-party providers, limitations on capacity or interference with our use could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.•Our results of operations have fluctuated in the past and are expected to fluctuate in the future, making it difficult to project future results, and if we fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors with respect to our results of operations, our stock price, and the value of your investment could decline.•Seasonality may cause fluctuations in our sales and results of operations.•Downturns or upturns in our sales may not be immediately reflected in our financial position and results of operations.•Third parties with whom we do business may be unable to honor their obligations to us or their actions may put us at risk.•We use resellers and other third parties to sell, market, and deploy our solutions to a variety of customers, and our failure to effectively develop, manage, and maintain our indirect sales channels would harm our business.•Our direct sales force targets larger customers, and sales to these customers involve risks that may not be present or that are present to a lesser extent with respect to sales to smaller customers.•If we fail to maintain and enhance our brand, our ability to expand our customer base will be impaired and our business, financial condition, and results of operations may suffer.•Our culture emphasizes innovation, and if we cannot maintain this culture as we grow, our business could be harmed.•We are subject to rapidly changing and increasingly stringent laws, contractual obligations, and industry standards relating to privacy, data security, and the protection of children. The restrictions and costs imposed by these requirements, or our actual or perceived failure to comply with them, could harm our business.•Adverse changes in the geopolitical relationship between the United States and China or changes in China's economic and regulatory landscape could have an adverse effect on business conditions.•Concentration of ownership of our common stock among our existing executive officers, directors, and principal stockholders may prevent new investors from influencing significant corporate decisions.viiIf we are unable to adequately address these and other risks we face, our business may be harmed.viiiTable of ContentsUnity Software Inc.PART IItem 1. BusinessUnity is the world’s leading platform for creating and operating interactive, RT3D content. Creators, ranging from game developers to artists, architects, and automotive designers to filmmakers and more, use Unity to make their imaginations come to life. The Unity platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create and operate real-time 2D and 3D content for multiple platforms, including mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.The content built on the Unity platform offers users a fundamentally more engaging and immersive experience than traditional static content, regardless of industry or purpose. This is because content made with Unity is:•interactive, allowing end-users to connect with the content and with one another;•real-time, so it can instantly reflect data and adapt to end-user behavior and feedback; and•immersive, because graphics have 3D shape and depth, permitting multiple viewing angles, and enabling augmented and virtual reality.Our platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create and fully operate real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices. In the fourth quarter of 2021, we had on average, approximately 3.9 billion monthly active end users who consumed content created or operated with our solutions. The applications developed by these creators were downloaded, on average, five billion times per month in 2021.Unity has built its reputation in gaming, and our scale and reach in this industry are significant. We estimate that in the fourth quarter of 2021, we increased our mobile market share with more of the top 1,000 mobile games made with Unity. Unity’s platform helps game developers—from the largest publishers in the world with teams of hundreds, to mid-sized, small, and independent publishers, to individual creators—build and operate high quality games, rapidly and efficiently. Unity games can be built once and deployed and operated across more than 20 platforms, including Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and the leading augmented and virtual reality platforms, among others. As gaming has proliferated, the business models for content have evolved beyond one-time purchases to include advertising and in-app purchases. Unity enables these new business models by providing creators with the solutions they need to easily run and monetize their content.What's more, the dramatic growth in the demand for interactive content is driving industries beyond gaming to embrace the advantages of RT3D content. Creators in many different industries are leveraging our platform to provide faster content creation and efficient deployment across formats and use cases. Today, Fortune 500 companies in industries such as architecture, engineering, construction, automotive, transportation, manufacturing, film, television, and retail use Unity for many new use cases, including automobile and building design, online and augmented reality product configurators, autonomous driving simulation, and augmented reality workplace safety training. These new forms of content are emerging parts of our business and represent a significant opportunity for growth.The Unity platform consists of two distinct, but connected and synergistic, sets of solutions. Our Create Solutions are used by content creators—developers, artists, designers, engineers, and architects—to create high-definition, real-time 2D and 3D content. Our Operate Solutions offer customers the ability to grow and engage their end-user base, as well as run and monetize their content with the goal of optimizing end-user acquisition and operational costs while increasing the lifetime value of their end-users.We offer our Create Solutions primarily through monthly subscriptions and our Operate Solutions primarily through revenue-share and consumption-based models. This allows us to generate revenue from our customers as they develop content and also as they succeed and grow. Subscriptions for our Create Solutions drive adoption of our Operate Solutions.1Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Over the years, we have experienced rapid growth. Our revenue for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019 was $1.1 billion, $772.4 million, and $541.8 million, representing year-over-year growth of 44%, 43%, and 42%, respectively. We generated net losses of $532.6 million, $282.3 million, and $163.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively, which included $347.2 million, $134.6 million, and $44.5 million, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense.Our PlatformUnity is a content creation and operating platform made up of two complementary and interconnected solutions: Create Solutions and Operate Solutions. Used together, our customers can create, run, and monetize their content across a broad range of third-party content distribution platforms.Create SolutionsOur Create Solutions are a robust set of tools for the development of high-definition, real-time 2D and 3D content. Designed with creators in mind, the tools are used by artists, designers, and developers across a range of industries ranging from games to aerospace, medical to manufacturing, and beyond. Create Solutions includes our custom scripting tools and a high-definition render pipeline; graphics, animation, and audio tools; navigation, networking, user interface tools; and more. Delivered as a modular application architecture, creators can leverage our products and extensibility to easily edit, run, and iterate interactive, RT3D and 2D experiences that can be created once and deployed to more than 20 platforms including Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and the leading augmented and virtual reality platforms, among others.The editor, Unity’s flagship product, is accessible on Windows, Mac, and Linux operating systems and enables creators to drag and drop content, such as images, textures, 3D meshes, and sounds, into a virtual workspace. From there, creators can configure content and compose it into scenes of objects, such as three-dimensional characters, buildings, automobiles, or landscapes. Additionally, a large variety of components can be added to the objects to make the content dynamic and interactive. Unity physics is an example of a component, which, when added to an object in our editor, causes the object to behave as it would in the real world, subject to the forces of friction and gravity. Other components may add animation, photo-realistic textures, or movement to the object.Once the creation of a game or other application is completed in the editor and the creator wants to deploy content, our platform compiles all of the application’s components around the Unity runtime. The Unity runtime is a critical part of a Unity application that allows content created on our platform to be interactively rendered in real-time on end-user devices. Content created in our editor can be easily deployed to a variety of platforms using our runtime, limiting the need for creators to invest in proprietary development technology around each and every platform.Building off this foundational technology opens a broad, wide-ranging opportunity to make the Unity platform a utility in content creation. To achieve this, Unity outlined three primary strategies in 2021 to make and democratize real-time, interactive content:•Expand into cloud-based tools and services: Unity believes that continuing to be the toolchain for delivering high-quality, interactive, games, and RT3D experiences across most devices will be most successful with a move towards the cloud. This is to support the significant shifts in enterprise business models, and the need to make tools more easily accessible to all. To start, Unity brought on remote access platform Parsec Cloud, Inc. ("Parsec") and SyncSketch LLC ("SyncSketch"), which enables cloud-based, secure collaboration between creators and artists.2Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.•Deliver key tools to professional 3D artists: In addition to the game developers and 3D creators, Unity deems it critical to provide cloud-based tools for professional artists and consumer creators, thereby enabling an entirely new generation of creators to build, transform, and distribute RT3D content. In 2021, Unity brought on the tools and technologies from Weta Digital Limited ("Weta Digital"), Interactive Data Visualization (makers of SpeedTree) and Ziva Dynamics Inc. ("Ziva Dynamics"), three highly-strategic acquisitions to democratize access to some of artistry's most exclusive tools and services.•Link the physical and digital world: Unity customers across all industries are leaning on the output of virtual replication and simulation to better understand business initiatives, products and even market trends. Known as "digital twins", Unity is focused on bringing the power of RT3D into these customers’ digital strategies to provide a more robust, 360-view of what’s possible in a virtual landscape. To date, Unity is working with Hyundai Motors to connect a physical factory with its digital twin to enhance plant management, drive productivity and innovate in the manufacturing process. And eBay has partnered with Unity to enable sellers to showcase the actual item they are selling in Unity’s proprietary, interactive 360-view.Operate SolutionsOur Operate Solutions offer customers the ability to grow and engage their user bases, and to run and monetize their content—from 2D puzzle games to multiplayer, multi-platform games, or other 3D interactive content—irrespective of whether the content was created in Unity.Unity Gaming ServicesDevelopers face technical challenges and unpredictable costs as they launch and run multiplayer, cross-platform games and applications spanning mobile, PC, and console platforms and game genres. Delays and downtimes are detrimental to our customers, who therefore place a high value on reliable solutions with predictable cost structures. In 2021, Unity introduced Unity Gaming Services, an improved and streamlined platform designed to allow Unity, and its customers, to drive more value from our Operate Solutions offerings. With Unity Gaming Services, we’ve simplified the way creators access and harness our solutions from our product suite that offers a common and consistent user experience. Unity Gaming Services offers simplicity in one platform, one dashboard, one login, and is available through one SDK. A few examples of products within include:•Cloud Content Delivery: Unity’s Cloud Content Delivery is the first end-to-end service for live game updates: a content delivery network (CDN) and back-end-as-a-service (BAAS) built for game development. It optimizes the delivery of content to end-user devices, enabling applications to be smaller and therefore accessible across a larger range of devices, increasing distribution opportunities for our creators.•Multiplay: The engine agnostic game server hosting and matchmaking platform, delivering resilience and scale to gaming infrastructure which enables the best experience for players.•Netcode for Games Objects: A networking code foundation that developers can depend on – customizable and extensible to meet the needs of many multiplayer game types.•Player Engagement: Allows developers to target players with specific audiences, content, and economy attributes. The latest iteration integrates A/B testing results so reporting is manifested in Unity Analytics and Data Explorer. We’ve also integrated Push Notifications which allows developers to send users push notifications based on logical conditions.•Remote Config: Allows developers to make real-time game updates with no code changes or app updates. Easily target changes to player segments of different skill levels, spending habits, and playing styles - through targeted game updates and A/B testing.3Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.•Vivox: A leading provider of voice and text communication services for multiplayer games on Console, Mobile, and PC. Whether your game is built on Unity or another game engine, Vivox can be integrated by teams of all sizes and scale to millions of players. In-game communication is a critical component of successful revenue-generating multiplayer games. In short, when players can talk to one another they stay in the game longer thereby increasing player lifetime value. Vivox is trusted by some of the biggest publishers and titles out there, including PUBG, Valorant, League of Legends, Rainbow Six, and many others.MonetizationMany of our customers create games and applications with the purpose of building a profitable business. This requires both the acquisition of end-users at a reasonable cost and the monetization of these end-users as they engage over time with the content.Our user acquisition products enable advertisers to efficiently acquire new end-users at scale. Our focus and strength are in pay-for-performance end-user acquisition, where advertisers pay us based on a tangible outcome or set goal, such as number of installs, rather than on a cost-per-impression basis. As a result, a large number of our advertisers have open spending limits with us as they can clearly measure the positive return on their spend.•Personalized Advertising: an end-user acquisition product that uses machine learning combined with our deep player and game data to drive end-user installs at scale. Advertisers can define campaigns based on several parameters:▪Reach: advertisers define the amount they are willing to pay for each install. Our algorithm maximizes reach and identifies the audience with the highest propensity to install.▪Retention: our algorithms dynamically adjust the cost per install based on the likelihood of customer retention over 7-day, 14-day, and other retention periods. This minimizes the risk that our customers will spend to acquire end-users that are unlikely to yield attractive returns, including those that churn almost immediately.▪Desired Return on Ad Spend ("ROAS"): our algorithms dynamically adjust the cost per install based on a combination of the ROAS target set by the advertiser and the predicted lifetime value of an end-user.•Contextual Advertising: a product designed for cases in which our customers or their end-users opt-out of personalization within apps. With the depth and breadth of our in-game data, we can deliver highly relevant advertising while respecting stricter privacy elections.Unity’s monetization products, Unity Ads and Unity In-App Purchases ("Unity IAP"), help developers to maximize the revenue potential of their content by enabling customers to maximize the lifetime value of their end users, while optimizing their end-user acquisition and operational costs.•Unity Ads: enables developers to seek the highest value for each impression of their inventory, through our Unified Auction, from a broad range of advertisers including direct Unity customers as well as demand-side platforms, or DSPs. Each time an event is triggered within our customer’s application, our auction determines the best advertisement to show the end user. Customers can access Unity Ads through a software development kit that enables ad delivery, rendering, and transactions.•Unity Mediation: Unity Mediation gives developers the tools they need to maximize the revenue from their games without sacrificing the game experience. Mediation gives access to key networks such as Unity, Meta Audience Network, ironSource, and more.•Unity IAP: allows for the sale of virtual goods within free or paid games on all major platforms by enabling creators to create once and connect to all major platform stores (for example the Google Play Store and the Apple App Store), utilizing a convenient single integration.4Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Competitive StrengthsWe believe the world is a better place with more creators in it and as champions of the creator, we make tools and provide services to enable the greater success of creation. We believe that this philosophy is one of a number of competitive strengths that will enable our market leadership to grow. Additionally, our competitive strengths include:Our PlatformOur core competitive strength is the breadth and depth of our platform. We offer a comprehensive set of solutions to create, run and monetize RT3D games and applications. Creators can onboard through any of our solutions and leverage our platform to serve their needs at every stage of growth. To help our creators succeed, we provide access to comprehensive learning resources and guided onboarding to our extensive community. As a result of the strength of our platform, in the fourth quarter of 2021, we had, on average, approximately 3.9 billion monthly active end users who consumed content created or operated with our solutions on over 20 platforms, up 44% from a year earlier. We saw an average of more than 9,000 new projects each day in 2021.Market Leadership in Game Development with Industry-Leading BrandWe are the market leader for the creation of all types of video games, ranging from games developed by the largest global publishers, including AAA studios, to games developed by mid-sized, small and independent developers and freelancers. We see significant opportunities for expansion within these existing customers through increased Create Solutions subscriptions and additional adoption of our Operate Solutions. Games developed on the Unity platform record an average of over seven billion hours of gameplay per month in the year ended December 31, 2021. Many of the most successful games across the globe were developed using Unity.We believe that the Unity brand is synonymous with RT3D game development. The brand recognition we have achieved with creators in gaming is also helping to drive adoption of Unity in industries such as architecture, engineering, construction, automotive, transportation, manufacturing, film, television, and retail.Relentless Focus on Innovation, Talent, and Research and DevelopmentOur market-leading position and reputation for innovation support our ability to recruit highly talented software engineers and developers. We invest in both the improvement of our existing products, as well as in research that we believe will lead to the development of important new products to expand and enhance our platform. As an example, the Unity Simulation product started as a research project and we believe it will drive future applications of RT3D in many new use cases, including autonomous driving, robotics, industrial automation, and virtual reality-based education and training.Additionally, although the significant majority of our revenue growth has been organic, we have completed over a dozen acquisitions to date. Acquisitions have primarily included smaller teams with specific product expertise. Our Parsec, Speedtree, Finger Food Studios Inc. (“Finger Food”), Multiplay, and Vivox acquisitions brought greater functionality into our platform, added key innovation talent to our team and furthered our goal of being the one-stop integrated platform for all creator needs.In late 2021, we completed the acquisition of Weta Digital's tools, pipeline, technology, and engineering talent. Ultimately, the acquisition is designed to put Weta Digital's exclusive and sophisticated visual effects tools into the hands of millions of creators and artists around the world, and once integrated into the Unity platform, enable the next generation of RT3D creativity.5Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Extensive Data Footprint and Sophisticated AnalyticsOur scale affords us access to a vast amount of end-user engagement and platform performance data. We continuously capture and analyze valuable end-user behavior and application performance data from in-app events across more than 20 different platforms as end-users interact with games and applications made with Unity. This data and analytics capability allows us to optimize content performance, end-user acquisition and engagement and monetization based on predicted lifetime values of our customers’ end-users, driving value for both our customers as well as their end-users.The Unity Creator CommunityUnity has a very large, active global community of RT3D creators, with approximately 1.6 million monthly active creators in the year ended December 31, 2021. We have a highly engaged base of creators, with users of our Unity Pro product spending an average of five hours per day actively using our platform in the year ended December 31, 2021. The scale of our creator community provides us with a significant competitive advantage, and by incentivizing third-party platforms to strategically partner and integrate with us, we are able to further expand our community. Third-party platforms partner with Unity to make it easy for our creators to deploy content onto their platforms. These partnerships help us to maximize audience-reach for our customers and retain our platform’s position as the leading hub for RT3D content creation.The Unity creator community has grown rapidly. We maintain a common forum for creators of all types to collaborate on content and learn from each other. Further, we invest significant resources to enable the community’s success by hosting Unite conferences on multiple continents on a regular basis. These events bring together Unity creators, experts, and industry leaders to unlock the full creative potential of our platform.In addition, within our creator base are a large number of students and independent learners, including those enrolled in high school and university classes. We invest in providing student and school licenses as well as developing curriculum components, Unity-specific portions of academic programs and learning content to ensure students can learn and train on our software. With this knowledge and continuing education, students prepare for, and excel in, careers using RT3D and Unity.Our CustomersOur globally diverse customers range from the largest enterprises to mid-market companies, to government and non-profit institutions, to mid-sized, small, and independent businesses and individuals. As of December 31, 2021, we had 1,052 customers with over $100,000 in trailing 12-month revenue, who together represented the substantial majority of our revenue.We define a customer as an individual or entity that generated revenue during the measurement period. A single organization with multiple divisions, segments, or subsidiaries is generally counted as a single customer, even though we may enter into commercial agreements with multiple parties within that organization. For example, one of our large enterprise customers is Zynga. We consider all Unity subscriptions and services purchased by Zynga-owned studios to be purchased by Zynga as a single customer.For each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, 37%, 36%, and 34% of our revenue was generated by customers in EMEA, respectively. For each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, 35%, 34%, and 33% of our revenue was generated by customers in Asia-Pacific, respectively. For each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, 27%, 30%, and 33% of our revenue was generated by customers in the Americas, respectively. No one customer accounted for more than 10% of our revenue in the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019.6Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Community SupportWe believe that highly responsive and effective support and education are an extension of our brand and are core to building and maintaining creator loyalty and trust.Our community support team assists creators using both the free and paid versions of our Create Solutions to drive adoption, subscription renewal and free-to-paid conversion. Additionally, our customer experience team receives and quantifies feedback from brands, agencies and studios using Unity at scale. This focus on responsiveness and personal touch helps us improve customer satisfaction and identify high-value opportunities for product improvements.We tier our support levels based on customer size. Creators using our free solutions have access to chat, e-mail, and web-based community resources, while paid customers have access to additional levels of higher-touch support. Our community resources serve as the foundation for all of our levels of support, giving creators the opportunity to discuss challenges and solutions with experienced Unity creators and interact with our expert support team via:•Forums: the central hub of our community discussions. Creators can voice their opinions, show what they are working on and ask for advice.•Answers: our self-service repository for all solutions relating to common questions on products and workflows.•Documentation: available from within the product, our documentation, which is translated into four languages, covers how to use every component in Unity.Our customer success team supports our large customers through every step of their journey with Unity. This starts with onboarding and sharing of best practices, as well as product education, and continues with support for renewals and introductions to additional Unity products and solutions. We have teams dedicated to providing specialized support for each of our products.Our educational offerings include a range of free, web-based classes and tutorials on how to use, administer, optimize and customize Unity. We also offer in-person training through our developer relations program and at our Unity-hosted community events. Our Unite conferences and participation in various developer-centric conferences provide creators with tangible skills to launch, market, and monetize successful games and applications.Sales and MarketingOur go-to-market approach is driven by the strength of our brand, organic creator demand, targeted account-based marketing, and a solutions-oriented sales process. We execute a multi-channel model that enables a targeted and cost-effective approach. We combine a web-based system for smaller customers with direct sales efforts for acquiring and expanding product and service penetration within small and medium-sized businesses and enterprise customers. This strategy is supported by a highly effective customer and community support ecosystem and by education programs.Direct SalesWe use our global direct sales force to acquire new medium to enterprise-sized customers and increase adoption of products and services within these customers. Our enterprise sales, customer success, and field engineering teams have deep domain expertise in the industries they serve. For mid-sized, small, and independent companies, we leverage a lower-cost inside sales team and an indirect value-added reseller network to cost-effectively reach these customers.We also deploy technical professionals in our worldwide Professional Services group who help our customers to complete the development of content made with Unity and facilitate the process of deploying RT3D in both gaming and other industries.7Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.In addition to a globally distributed direct sales force, our sales and marketing strategies include solutions engineering, lead generation campaigns, webinars, and cooperative marketing efforts with our strategic partners. When we can, we offer global Unite conferences, which give creators the opportunity to directly engage with the company, access expertise and product knowledge, and hear from industry leaders on how to make the most of Unity's platform.Digital ChannelWe reach independent creators and mid-sized, small, and independent studios through our self-service web-based channel. We deploy a range of marketing strategies and tactics to drive initial awareness, adoption, and retention. These include online evangelism, our Made with Unity sub-brand and learning programs for enthusiasts and students.New creators often start by using our free Unity Personal or Unity Student plans. We encourage continued creator engagement by providing free resources, such as creator education, Asset Store access, and enrollment into our network of Unity creators. Customers do not need to upgrade to a paid plan until they reach $100,000 in annual revenue or funding. For our Operate Solutions, we enable customers to easily get started by providing a self-service platform for our monetization solutions and free use of our Vivox product for up to 5,000 concurrent users. The majority of our Operate Solutions customers are onboarded through our self-serve platform and require minimal upfront investment to get started.Many of our free users become champions for Unity, creating word-of-mouth advertising for our products and services. As creators engage more deeply with Unity, they often upgrade to paid plans via our website or sales teams. We support this upgrade path through targeted marketing campaigns and in-product prompts highlighting the added benefits and features of our paid plans. The significant majority of Unity’s monthly active creators are free users, and we see this as an opportunity for future growth.Strategic RelationshipsWe have a robust and diverse partner ecosystem that includes leading hardware, operating system, device, game console, and other technology providers. Our partners benefit from their relationship with us through growth in engagement of our customers with their ecosystem.Our partner ecosystem is critical to our create once and deploy anywhere value proposition to our customers and is an important part of our go-to-market strategy. Partners also serve as a source of brand awareness and sales leads in new industries, and help to accelerate our sales cycles through co-marketing programs.Research and DevelopmentOur engineering and product teams and culture are customer-oriented and work alongside customers to deliver high value, high quality features and functionality across the numerous devices and platforms we support. We deliver these features through frequent updates to our Create and Operate Solutions that align with each type and version of platform, including updates to mobile, PC, virtual reality platforms, and more.Our research and development efforts are distributed around the world and focus on a number of areas including, but not limited to, our core engine, Operate Solutions, vertical solutions, and AI and simulation tools. Combined with our support for numerous platforms, we have also developed significant expertise in build, test, and deployment tools, technologies and automation, for both traditional, native-code, monolithic repositories as well as package-based, cloud hosted packages. These tools enable us to work independently and efficiently and maintain a rapid sustained pace of innovation.Over the last two years, we have invested more than $1.0 billion in research and development to build our platform. We had 3,038 employees involved in research and development and related activities as of December 31, 2021, which accounted for 58% of our total headcount.8Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.CompetitionWe primarily compete with other content development tools and monetization services. Most of these competitors offer point solutions that represent a subset of the offerings on our platform:•Create Solutions: We primarily compete against proprietary game engines built in-house by large game studios, as well as Cocos2d-x (Chukong Technologies) and Unreal Engine (Epic Games), which offer game development tools primarily serving the PC games and mobile games sectors, and, in the case of Unreal Engine (Epic Games), industries beyond gaming. Outside of gaming, we also compete with other development platforms that offer 2D and 3D design products.•Operate Solutions: With respect to our Operate Solutions, we operate in a fragmented ecosystem composed of select divisions of large, well-established companies as well as privately held companies. The large companies in our ecosystem may play multiple different roles given the breadth of their business. Examples of these large companies are Amazon, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, and Tencent. Most of these companies are also our partners and customers.We believe that the principal competitive factors in our market are:•cross-platform deployability;•the pace and quality of new product innovation;•product capabilities, including flexibility, scalability, performance, security, and reliability;•integration with existing platforms;•high-quality customer support, training, and services;•brand recognition and reputation;•return on investment of sales and marketing efforts;•volume and leverage of user data and analytics;•price and affordability of our solutions and customer economics;•ease of use of products; and•ability to expand to adjacent industries.We believe we compete favorably with respect to these factors.Technology Infrastructure and OperationsWe have built our technology infrastructure using a distributed and scalable architecture on a global scale. We designed our technology platform with multiple layers of redundancy to guard against data loss and to deliver high availability and low latency. Incremental backups are performed twice a day and full backups are performed daily. Backups are preserved for a time period directly proportional to the criticality of the data.Redundant copies of content are stored in several geographically separate regions and are replicated within each region. Data is transmitted in encrypted form. We mainly use Google Cloud Platform as our processing and delivery cloud infrastructure but also have some services with other cloud infrastructure providers and some with special hardware/security requirements running on our own private data center. With respect to the Google Cloud Platform, we are party to a cloud service agreement with Google, pursuant to which we are committed to spend an aggregate of $700.0 million between September 2021 and September 2026. If we fail to meet the minimum purchase commitment during any year, we are required to pay the difference. Either we or Google may terminate the agreement if the other party is in material breach and fails to cure the breach within 30 days after receiving written notice. We expect to meet our remaining commitment under this agreement.9Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.We have built a service operations infrastructure with automated, 24x7 telemetry, supported by a team to help ensure that any issues that arise with our services are addressed as quickly as possible.Security, Privacy, and Data ProtectionAt Unity we understand that creative assets, performance and user data are critical to our customers’ businesses. We devote considerable resources to our security program, regularly testing the security of user assets utilized by our services, and developing easy-to-use features that content creators can leverage to enhance the security of their creative products.SecurityOur team of security practitioners, working in partnership with peers across our company, works to identify and mitigate risks, assess our security measures against industry standards and best practices, and continue to evaluate ways to improve. We focus on four core components: Application Security, Infrastructure Security, Incident Response, and Governance and Compliance. In addition to these core components, we drive a program of Responsible Disclosure to engage and gain support of the research community to identify advanced issues for remediation. Our security program is focused on expanding our documentation and audit functions in order to ready us for industry certifications that will be important for our growth in industrial and government markets.Privacy and Data ProtectionThe privacy of developers and application users and the protection of the data in our ecosystem are important to Unity’s continued growth and success. We maintain a dedicated privacy team that leads a group of employees, federated throughout the organization, who serve in roles responsible for data governance and management within product groups and functional areas. We conduct privacy impact assessments and data protection impact assessments, conduct product and feature reviews, maintain a reasonably exhaustive list of data collected and processed, and provide support for data protection and privacy-related requests. Our privacy team reports progress on the program and its functions quarterly to a team of executives charged with data governance oversight, and conducts regular privacy-related training. Additionally, our Data Protection Officer periodically updates the audit committee of our board of directors on changes in laws and Unity’s compliance activities.We are committed to complying, and helping our customers comply, with data protection laws globally. We monitor guidance from industry and regulatory bodies, meet with regulators and update our product features and contractual commitments when necessary to meet new or evolving privacy legal requirements.We maintain a privacy policy that describes how Unity collects, uses, and discloses information, and what choices organizations and users have.Because our business involves the collection, use, storage, and transmission of personal information, we are subject to numerous federal, state, local, and foreign laws, regulations, and other obligations relating to privacy, data protection, and data security. Such laws may include Section 5(a) of the Federal Trade Commission Act, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, the California Online Privacy Protection Act, the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 ("EU GDPR"), the EU GDPR as it forms part of United Kingdom ("UK") law by virtue of section 3 of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK GDPR"), and the European Union's ePrivacy Directive. Countries around the world have adopted or are proposing similar laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and data security, and we may become subject to them as we expand our operations into new geographic markets.Intellectual PropertyWe rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, license agreements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements, employee non-disclosure and invention assignment agreements, and other legal and contractual rights to establish and protect our proprietary rights.10Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.As of December 31, 2021, we had 76 issued utility patents in the United States that expire between 2032 and 2041, 29 issued utility patents in non-U.S. jurisdictions, and 366 utility patent applications (including 17 provisional applications and 92 active PCT applications) pending in the United States and globally. As of December 31, 2021, we also had 22 registered design patents in non-U.S. jurisdictions and 18 active design patent applications, three of which are in the United States. While we believe our patents and patent applications in the aggregate are important to our competitive position, no single patent or patent application is material to us as a whole.We have trademark rights in our name and other brand indicia and have trademark registrations for select marks in the United States and other jurisdictions around the world. We also have registered domain names for websites that we use in our business, such as www.unity.com and similar variations.We control access to and use of our proprietary technology and other confidential information through the use of internal and external controls, including contractual protections with employees, contractors, customers and partners. It is our practice to enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements (or similar agreements) with our employees, consultants, and contractors involved in the development of intellectual property on our behalf. We also enter into confidentiality agreements with other third parties in order to limit access to, disclosure, and use of, our confidential information and proprietary information. We further control the use of our proprietary technology and intellectual property through provisions in our terms of service. We intend to pursue additional intellectual property protection to the extent we believe it would be beneficial and cost effective.Human Capital ManagementAs of December 31, 2021, we had a total of 5,245 full-time employees, across 54 offices and in 21 countries. We also engage contractors and consultants. We had 2,776 employees in technical roles, which accounted for 53% of our total headcount. In addition, our geographic diversification enhances our ability to retain and attract talent, and as of December 31, 2021, approximately 67% of our full-time employees were located outside of the United States.We believe the swift growth in numbers and the strength of our culture is fueled by our commitment to our values, inclusion, and social impact, making Unity an exceptional place for top talent to work and grow.Our Values and Commitment to InclusionThe Unity Values capture what we represent and form the foundation of our company culture. They have a material impact on how we do our jobs and how we treat each other every day. They also guide us in making the right decisions for our customers, partners and creators. Our values are: Users First, Best Ideas Win, In It Together, and Go Bold.•Users First: We put users first, they are the reason we do what we do. Our shared dedication to our customers holds us together, defines and aligns our work and drives us to deliver for them.•Best Ideas Win: We believe great ideas can come from anywhere. We have vigorous debates, we listen and learn, and we make sure the best ideas win. We care enough to go through the pain of messy conversations.•In It Together: We are Citizens of Unity. We act like owners. We’re activists; we have a voice and use it. We’re direct and candid, with good intent. We deeply collaborate towards shared goals and respect each other’s unique contributions.•Go Bold: We do bold things. We go big and when we fail, we learn, get better and go big again. We challenge and elevate each other beyond our limits to do what may seem impossible. We stay curious and hungry.11Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.We live out these values through our global framework for Inclusion, which centers on three principles: Empathy, Respect, and Opportunity. Empathy fuels connection, respect builds trust, and opportunity empowers employees. These principles cascade throughout our company and encourage us all to meet each other where we are and celebrate our differences.•Empathy is the ability to recognize and validate the perspectives and experiences of others, even without connecting yourself to those experiences. It’s about listening to understand—not to respond.•Respect is rooting your efforts in empathy, by taking everyday actions that acknowledge individual experiences and perspectives.•Opportunity is demonstrating respect for the knowledge and experience of others by empowering them to contribute, create or lead based on that knowledge and experience.We invest in our culture in many ways, including a Unity Leadership Program run by senior leaders, frequent Town Hall meetings, executive roundtables, manager and employee development opportunities, and a global Workplace Experience team dedicated to curating local cultural events including yoga, meditation, coffee talks, and game nights.Unity’s benefit offerings are designed to meet the varied and evolving needs of a diverse workforce. In response to COVID-19, we have enhanced the ways we help our employees care for themselves and their families through expanded mental health benefits and support for remote working. We are continuing to build on our inclusive benefit offerings and programs, led by our Inclusion and Global Benefits teams.Our Commitment to Social ImpactWe love creators—those bold enough to create what is in their imagination to change the world. Creators are change-makers and Unity is their platform for change. Since our founding, we have focused on empowering our creators and employees to make the world a better place.In October 2020, Unity launched Unity Social Impact, a division of the business aimed at empowering employees and creators of all backgrounds to foster a more inclusive, sustainable world. Unity Social Impact consists of three pillars: Education and Economic Opportunity for All, Sustainability, and Health and Well-being. The announcement of the new division was underpinned by the establishment of the Unity Charitable Fund, a program that provides the financial mechanism to bring the goals of the Social Impact division to life. Created in partnership with Tides Foundation at the time of our initial public offering, the Unity Charitable Fund was initially issued 750,000 shares of our common stock.Government RegulationsOur worldwide business activities are subject to various laws, rules, and regulations of the United States as well as of foreign governments. Compliance with these laws, rules, and regulations has not had, and is not expected to have, a material effect upon our capital expenditures, results of operations, or competitive position, and we do not currently anticipate material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities. Nevertheless, compliance with existing or future governmental regulations, including, but not limited to, those pertaining to global trade, business acquisitions, consumer and data protection, and taxes, could have a material impact on our business in subsequent periods. Refer to “Item 1A. Risk Factors” for a discussion of these potential impacts.12Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Corporate InformationWe file annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a), 14, and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) maintains a website at https://www.sec.gov that contains reports, and other information regarding us and other companies that file materials with the SEC electronically. Copies of our reports on Forms 10-K, Forms 10-Q, and Forms 8-K, may be obtained, free of charge, electronically through our investor relations website at https://investors.unity.com/ as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material with, or furnish such material to, the SEC.Item 1A. Risk FactorsRisks Related to Our Business, Operations, and IndustryWe have a history of losses and may not achieve or sustain profitability in the future.We have experienced net losses in each period since inception. We incurred net losses of $532.6 million, $282.3 million, and $163.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively, which included $347.2 million, $134.6 million, and $44.5 million, respectively, of stock-based compensation expense. As of December 31, 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of $1.3 billion. While we have experienced significant revenue growth in recent periods, this growth rate may decline in future periods, and you should not rely on the revenue growth of any given prior period as an indication of our future performance. We are not certain whether we will be able to sustain or increase our revenue or whether or when we will attain sufficient revenue to achieve or maintain profitability in the future. We also expect our costs and expenses to increase in future periods, which could negatively affect our future results of operations if our revenue does not increase by amounts sufficient to offset such costs and expenses. In particular, we intend to continue to make significant investments to grow our business in such areas as:•research and development, including investments in our engineering teams and in further differentiating our platform and solutions with improvements to our Create and Operate Solutions, as well as the development of new products and features, including in consumer markets and live sports and entertainment;•our sales and marketing organizations to engage our existing and prospective customers, increase brand awareness and drive adoption and expansion of our platform and solutions;•research and development and sales and marketing initiatives to grow our presence in new industries and use cases beyond the gaming industry;•our technology infrastructure, including systems architecture, scalability, availability, performance, and security;•acquisitions or strategic investments;•global expansion; and•our general and administration organization, including increased facilities expense as well as legal, information technology ("IT"), and accounting expenses associated with being a public company.Our efforts to grow our business may be costlier than we expect and may not result in increased revenue. Even if such investments increase our revenue, any such increase may not be enough to offset our increased operating expenses. We may continue to incur significant losses in the future for a number of reasons, including the other risks described herein. If we are unable to maintain or increase our revenue at a rate sufficient to offset the expected increase in our costs, our business, financial position and results of operations will be harmed, and we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability, which could cause the value of our business and common stock to significantly decrease.13Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.We have a limited history operating our business at its current scale, and as a result, our past results may not be indicative of future operating performance.In recent years, we have significantly grown the scale of our business. For example, we launched the first of our Operate Solutions in 2014, we expanded into augmented and virtual reality platforms in 2016 and industries beyond gaming in 2018 and we have acquired more than 15 companies since the beginning of 2019. Accordingly, we have a limited history operating our business at its current scale and scope. You should not rely on our past results of operations as indicators of future performance. You should consider and evaluate our prospects in light of the risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by growing companies in rapidly evolving markets. These risks and uncertainties include challenges in accurate financial planning as a result of limited historical data relevant to the current scale and scope of our business and the uncertainties resulting from having had a relatively limited time period in which to implement and evaluate our business strategies as compared to companies with longer operating histories.Our core value of putting our users first may cause us to forgo short-term gains and may not lead to the long-term benefits we expect.One of our core values is that our users come first in everything we do, which we believe is essential to our success in increasing our growth and engagement and in serving the best, long-term interests of our company and our stockholders. Therefore, we may forgo certain expansion or short-term revenue or cost-saving opportunities that we do not believe will enhance the experience of our users, even if our decision negatively impacts our operating results. We cannot assure you that our decisions will lead to the long-term benefits that we expect, in which case our business and operating results could be harmed.Our business and operations have experienced recent rapid growth, which may not be indicative of our future growth. Our rapid growth also makes it difficult to evaluate our future prospects.Our revenue was $1.1 billion, $772.4 million, and $541.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. In addition, our employee headcount was 5,245 full-time employees as of December 31, 2021, an increase from 4,001 full-time employees as of December 31, 2020, and our number of customers contributing more than $100,000 of trailing 12-month revenue was 1,052 as of December 31, 2021, an increase from 793 as of December 31, 2020. You should not rely on our growth in any prior period as an indication of our future performance, as we may not be able to sustain our growth rate in the future. For example, even if our revenue continues to increase, we expect that our revenue growth rate may decline in the future as a result of a variety of factors, including the maturation of our business. Overall growth of our revenue depends on our ability to execute on our growth strategies.We may not successfully accomplish any of our objectives, and as a result, it is difficult for us to forecast our future results of operations. If the assumptions that we use to plan our business are incorrect or change in reaction to changes in our market, or if we are unable to maintain consistent revenue or revenue growth, our stock price could be volatile, and it may be difficult to achieve and maintain profitability. You should not rely on our results or growth for any prior quarterly or annual periods as any indication of our future results or growth.In addition, we expect to continue to expend substantial financial and other resources to grow our business, and we may fail to allocate our resources in a manner that results in increased revenue or other growth in our business. If we are unable to maintain or increase our revenue at a rate sufficient to offset the expected increase in our costs, our business, financial position, and results of operations will be harmed, and we may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability over the long term. Additionally, we may encounter unforeseen operating expenses, difficulties, complications, delays, and other unknown factors that may result in losses in future periods. If our growth does not meet our expectations in future periods, our business, financial position and results of operations may be harmed, and we may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future.14Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Our business depends on our ability to retain our existing customers and expand their use of our platform.Our future success depends on our ability to retain our existing customers and expand their use of our platform. An important component of our strategy is to broaden our relationships with existing customers. However, our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions for our Create Solutions, which are primarily one to three years in length, after they expire, and have no obligation to continue using our Operate Solutions, which are primarily sold under revenue-share or consumption-based models.For us to maintain or improve our results of operations, it is important that our Create Solutions customers renew and expand their subscriptions with us and that our Operate Solutions customers continue using and expanding their use of our products. We invest in targeted sales and account-based marketing efforts to identify opportunities to grow use of our solutions within and across multiple studios within a single customer. However, our efforts may not be successful despite the resources we devote to them. Even if one or several studios within a customer adopts our Create or Operate Solutions, other studios within that customer may choose to adopt different solutions or to continue to employ internally-developed solutions.It is also important for us to cross-sell more Create Solutions to our Operate Solutions customers, as well as Operate Solutions to our Create Solutions customers. While we believe there are significant cross-selling opportunities between our Create and Operate Solutions, and that our Create and Operate Solutions work together synergistically, we have only recently focused our sales efforts on targeting cross-selling opportunities, and we cannot be sure that our efforts will be successful.Whether our customers renew or expand their subscriptions with us or continue using our platform depends on a number of factors, including the cost, performance and perceived value associated with our platform, their perception of our continued development of features important to them, the business strength or weakness of our customers, the success of our customers’ games and their ability to monetize, the effects of global economic conditions, the entry and success of competitive products and the other risk factors included in this Annual Report on Form 10‑K.If we do not retain our existing customers or if our existing customers do not expand their use of our platform and purchase additional products or services from us, our revenue may not increase or may decline and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be harmed.If we are unable to attract new customers, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected.Our ability to increase our revenue will depend in part on our success in attracting new customers. Our success will depend to a substantial extent on the widespread adoption of our platform as an alternative to existing platforms, including internally developed products developed by large gaming companies. As our market matures, our platform evolves and competitors introduce free, lower cost or differentiated products that compete with our platform, and our ability to market our platform and solutions could be impaired. Similarly, our sales efforts could be adversely impacted if customers and their end users perceive that features incorporated into competitive platforms or their own technologies reduce the relevance or attractiveness of our platform. Gaming companies that have invested significant development efforts in their own internally-generated technologies may be reluctant to replace their technologies with our platform unless they perceive our platform as offering significant incremental long-term benefits. Any decrease in user satisfaction with our platform or customer support would also harm our brand and word-of-mouth referrals, which in turn would hamper our ability to attract new customers.As a result of these and other factors, we may be unable to attract new customers, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.15Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.We derive a significant portion of our revenue from our Operate Solutions. If we fail to attract and retain Operate Solutions customers, our business and results of operations would be adversely affected.We derived 64%, 61%, and 54% of our revenue in the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively, from our Operate Solutions. A majority of our Operate Solutions revenue is currently generated under a revenue-share model. The remainder of our Operate Solutions revenue is generated primarily as consumption-based revenue for various cloud-based products. We must continually add new features and functionality to our Operate Solutions to remain competitive and respond to our customers’ needs. If we are not successful in retaining and attracting new customers to our Operate Solutions, our business and results of operations would be adversely affected.Revenue-share based consumption from our monetization products currently accounts for a majority of our Operate Solutions revenue. Our customers depend on us as a source of their own revenue, which in some cases may represent a significant portion of their revenue. Should customers lose confidence in the value or effectiveness of our monetization products, their consumption could decline. Revenue growth from these products depends on our ability to continue to develop and offer effective features and functionality to help our customers drive value, which will require us to incur additional costs to implement. Developing and implementing these features will require us to incur additional costs.In addition, our customers rely on us to attract a broad range of advertisers to our platform to generate demand for their impressions through our Unified Auction. If we are unable to also serve the needs of advertisers, they may reduce their consumption of our solutions and, because the advertising market is competitive, they may shift their business to other advertising solutions which could adversely affect our revenue. The consumption-based revenue for our Operate Solutions comes from our deltaDNA, Multiplay, and Vivox products. Our revenue from these products varies depending on the number of end users of these products or a customer’s hosting needs. A significant portion of the revenue generated from certain of these products in a given period can be driven by consumption by customers with large numbers of end users or high volume hosting requirements. If our customers experience a decline in the rate at which end users play their games, or if we are not able to replace customers who decrease or cease their consumption of our solution with new customers with similar consumption, our business may suffer.Operating system platform providers or application stores may change terms of service, policies or technical requirements to require us or our customers to change data collection and privacy practices, business models, operations, practices, advertising activities or application content, which could adversely impact our business.We and our customers are subject to the standard policies and terms of service of the operating system platforms on which we create, run and monetize applications and content, as well as policies and terms of service of the various application stores that make applications and content available to end users. These policies and terms of service govern the promotion, distribution, content, technical requirements, and operation generally of applications and content on such platforms and stores. Each of these platforms and stores has broad discretion to change and interpret its terms of service and policies with respect to us, our customers and other creators, and those changes may be unfavorable to us or our customers’ use of our platform. An operating system platform or application store may also change its fee structure, add fees associated with access to and use of its platform, alter how customers are able to advertise on their platform, change how the personal or other information of its users is made available to application developers on their platform, limit the use of personal information for advertising purposes or restrict how end users can share information on their platform or across other platforms.16Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.In particular, operating system platform providers or application stores such as Apple or Google may change their technical requirements or policies in a manner that adversely impacts the way in which we or our customers offer solutions or collect, use, and share data from end-user devices. Restrictions on our ability to collect and use data as desired could negatively impact our Operate Solutions as well as our resource planning and feature development planning for our software. Actions by operating system platform providers or application stores such as Apple or Google may affect the manner in which we or our customers offer solutions or collect, use, and share data from end-user devices. For example, Apple has recently implemented a requirement for applications using its mobile operating system, iOS, to affirmatively (on an opt-in basis) obtain an end user’s permission to “track them across apps or websites owned by other companies” or access their device’s advertising identifier for advertising and advertising measurement purposes, as well as other restrictions. The long-term impact of these and other privacy and regulatory changes remains uncertain. In addition, if customers have applications removed from these third-party platforms because of a change in platform guidelines that impact our code or practices, we could be exposed to legal risk and lose customers. In addition, these platforms could change their business models and could, for example, increase application store fees to our customers, which could have an adverse impact on our business.If we or our customers were to violate, or an operating system platform provider or application store believes that we or our customers have violated, its terms of service or policies, that operating system platform provider or application store could limit or discontinue our or our customers’ access to its platform or store. In some cases these requirements may not be clear and our interpretation of the requirements may not align with the interpretation of the operating system platform provider or application store, which could lead to inconsistent enforcement of these terms of service or policies against us or our customers, and could also result in the operating system platform provider or application store limiting or discontinuing access to its platform or store. An operating system platform provider or application store could also limit or discontinue our access to its platform or store if it establishes more favorable relationships with one or more of our competitors or it determines that it is in their business interests to do so. Any limitation on or discontinuation of our or our customers’ access to any third-party platform or application store could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.If we are unable to further expand into new industries, or if our solutions for any new industry fail to achieve market acceptance, our growth and operating results could be adversely affected, and we may be required to reconsider our growth strategy.Our growth strategy is based, in part, on expanding into new industries beyond gaming, including architecture, engineering, construction, automotive, transportation, manufacturing, film, television, professional artistry, and retail, and across use cases, including automobile and building design, online and augmented reality product configurators, autonomous driving simulation and augmented reality workplace safety training, among others. The market for interactive RT3D and 2D content in industries beyond gaming is in an early stage of development, and it is uncertain whether this market will develop as we expect, how rapidly it will develop and how much it will grow. In addition, we have limited experience in addressing these markets and the investments that we are continuing to make to expand further into these markets may be ineffective.Our success in these markets will depend, to a substantial extent, on the widespread adoption of our platform as an alternative to existing solutions, such as traditional 2D and 3D modeling and rendering tools, or adoption by customers that are not currently using any software solutions. Market acceptance of our platform in industries beyond gaming may not grow as we expect as a result of a number of factors, including the cost, performance and perceived value associated with our platform, our ability to adapt to the differing sales and marketing requirements appropriate to most effectively address these markets and our ability to develop or maintain integrations with strategic partners. In addition, our ability to achieve widespread adoption of our platform in these markets may be affected by the entry and success of competitive products, including from larger competitors with greater resources that have historically addressed these markets with legacy products, and accordingly have more brand recognition in these markets. If our platform does not achieve widespread adoption in these other markets, our ability to grow our revenue may suffer.17Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.In addition, the investments we make to grow our business by expanding into new industries will continue to increase our costs and operating expenses on an absolute basis. We expect to invest significant research and development resources to develop and expand the functionality of our Create and Operate Solutions to meet the needs of customers in these industries, and we will need to increase our sales and marketing, legal and compliance and other efforts as we seek to expand into new industries that require a different go-to-market strategy than the gaming industry. These investments will occur in advance of our realization of significant revenue from such industries, particularly given that customers in these industries are typically enterprise customers with long contracting cycles, which will make it difficult to determine if we are allocating our resources effectively and efficiently. If the revenue we derive from these investments is not sufficient to achieve a return on investment, our business and results of operations would suffer.Our business relies on strategic relationships with hardware, operating system, device, game console and other technology providers. If we are unable to maintain favorable terms and conditions and business relations with respect to our strategic relationships, our business could be harmed.We rely on strategic partnerships and other strategic relationships with hardware, operating system, device, game console, and other technology providers in order to be able to offer our customers the ability to deploy their content on a variety of third-party platforms. Strategic Partnerships and Other accounted for approximately 7%, 9%, and 15% of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. If any of these third parties were to suspend, limit or cease their operations or otherwise terminate their relationships with us, our results of operations could be adversely affected. We have entered into separate agreements with each of our strategic partners. Our agreements with our strategic partners are non-exclusive and typically have multi-year terms. Our strategic partners could decide to stop working with us, ask to modify their agreement terms in a cost prohibitive manner when their agreement is up for renewal or enter into exclusive or more favorable relationships with our competitors. Any loss of a strategic partnership or other strategic relationship could negatively affect the attractiveness of our platform to customers. In addition, we may have disagreements or disputes with these parties that could negatively impact or threaten our relationship with them. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in sourcing additional strategic partnerships or relationships or in retaining or extending our existing relationships with the parties with whom we currently have relationships. If we are unable to source additional strategic relationships or the parties with whom we currently have strategic relationships were to terminate their relationship with us, our revenue could decline and our business could be adversely affected.In addition, acquisitions by our competitors of parties with whom we have strategic relationships could result in a decrease in the number of our current and potential customers, as these parties may no longer facilitate the adoption of our solutions by potential customers. Further, some of the parties with whom we have strategic relationships compete or may compete with certain of our solutions and may elect to no longer integrate with our platform. If we fail to maintain relationships with such parties, fail to develop new strategic relationships in new markets or expand the number of strategic relationships in existing markets, our ability to compete in the marketplace or to grow our revenue could be impaired, and our results of operations may suffer. Even if we are successful in maintaining these relationships, we cannot assure you that these relationships will result in increased customer usage or adoption of our solutions or increased revenue.The markets in which we participate are competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed.The markets in which we operate are highly competitive. A significant number of companies have developed or are developing solutions that currently, or in the future may, compete with some or all of our offerings. As we look to market and sell our platform to potential customers with existing solutions, we must convince their internal stakeholders that our platform is superior and/or more cost-effective to their current solutions.18Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.With respect to our Create Solutions, we primarily compete against proprietary game engines built in-house by large game studios, as well as Cocos2d-x (Chukong Technologies) and Unreal Engine (Epic Games), which offer game development tools primarily serving the PC games and mobile games sectors, and, in the case of Unreal Engine (Epic Games), industries beyond gaming. Outside of gaming, we also compete with other development platforms that offer 2D and 3D design products.With respect to our Operate Solutions, we compete in a fragmented ecosystem composed of select divisions of large, well-established companies as well as privately held companies. The large companies in our ecosystem may play multiple roles given the breadth of their business. Examples of these large companies are Amazon, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, and Tencent. Most of these companies are also our partners and customers.With the introduction of new technologies and market entrants, we expect that the competitive environment will remain intense or become even more intense in the future. Some of our actual and potential competitors have been acquired by other larger enterprises and have made or may make acquisitions or may enter into partnerships or other strategic relationships that may provide more comprehensive offerings than they individually had offered or achieve greater economies of scale than us.Our competitors vary in size and in the breadth and scope of the solutions offered. Some of our competitors and potential competitors have greater name recognition, longer operating histories, more established customer relationships, larger marketing budgets and greater financial and operational resources than we do. Further, other potential competitors not currently offering competing products or services may expand their offerings to compete with our platform or enter the market through acquisitions, partnerships or strategic relationships. In particular, as we seek to invest in the expansion of our Create Solutions and Operate Solutions in new industries outside of gaming, we may encounter competition from large companies that offer 2D and 3D design products in those industries that may seek to introduce new products or new functionality to existing products that compete with our solutions. Those competitors have greater brand recognition in those industries where they already have a presence. In addition, our current and potential competitors may have or establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with our customers or other third parties that may further enhance their resources and offerings in our addressable market. Our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards, and customer requirements. An existing competitor or new entrant could introduce new technology that is perceived to be easier to use or otherwise favorable to ours, which could reduce demand for our platform.In addition to platform and technology competition, we face pricing competition. Some of our competitors offer their solutions, such as their game engines, at a lower price or for free, which has resulted in, and may continue to result in, pricing pressures. In addition, with respect to our monetization solutions, some of our competitors offer more favorable payment terms to publishers. We cannot assure you that we will not be forced to engage in price-cutting or revenue limiting initiatives, change payment terms or increase our advertising and other expenses to attract and retain customers in response to competitive pressures.For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully against our current or future competitors, which could result in the failure of our platform to continue to achieve or maintain market acceptance, which would harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.19Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.We may not be able to successfully manage our growth, and if we are not able to grow efficiently, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed.The growth and expansion of our business places a continuous significant strain on our management, operational and financial resources. As usage of our platform grows, we will need to devote additional resources to improving its capabilities, features and functionality. In addition, we will need to appropriately scale our internal business, IT, and financial, operating and administrative systems to serve our growing customer base, and continue to manage headcount, capital and operating and reporting processes in an efficient manner. Any failure of or delay in these efforts could result in impaired performance and reduced customer satisfaction, resulting in decreased sales to new customers or lower dollar-based net expansion rates, which would hurt our revenue growth and our reputation. Further, any failure in optimizing the costs associated with our third-party cloud services as we scale could negatively impact our gross margins. Even if we are successful in our expansion efforts, they will be expensive and complex, and require the dedication of significant management time and attention. We may also suffer inefficiencies or service disruptions as a result of our efforts to scale our internal infrastructure. We cannot be sure that the expansion of and improvements to our internal infrastructure will be effectively implemented on a timely basis, if at all, and such failures could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.We are dependent on the success of our customers in the gaming market. Adverse events relating to our customers or their games could have a negative impact on our business.Our gaming customers are not the end users of our solutions, but rather they use our platform and solutions to create and/or operate their games, which are ultimately sold or distributed to an end user. As a result, our success depends in part on the ability of our customers to market and sell games that are created or operated with our solutions. If our customers’ marketing efforts are unsuccessful or if our customers experience a decrease in demand for their games, sales of our Create Solutions and our Operate Solutions could be reduced. The gaming market is characterized by intense competition, rapid technological change, increased focus by regulators, and economic uncertainty and, as such, there is no guarantee that any of our customers’ games will gain any meaningful traction with end users. In addition, some of our newer products, like Multiplay and Vivox, are more reliant on certain customers. While our large and diverse customer portfolio has helped to reduce the fluctuations in our Operate Solutions revenue as a whole resulting from the success of customers’ games and the timing of game releases, we cannot assure you that the size and diversification of our customer portfolio will sufficiently mitigate this risk. If our customers fail to create or operate popular games using our platform, and we are not able to maintain a diversified portfolio of “winners and losers,” our results of operations may be adversely affected.Our results of operations have fluctuated in the past and are expected to fluctuate in the future, making it difficult to project future results, and if we fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors with respect to our results of operations, our stock price, and the value of your investment could decline.Our results of operations have fluctuated in the past and are expected to fluctuate in the future due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a result, our past results may not be indicative of our future performance. In addition to the other risks described herein, factors that may affect our results of operations include the following:•fluctuations in demand for or pricing of our platform;•fluctuations in usage of our platform;•our ability to retain and expand the use of our platform by existing customers;•our ability to attract new customers and convert free creators to customers;•changes in mix of solutions purchased by our customers;20Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.•demand for our gaming customers’ products and their ability to monetize those products, which in turn can have a significant impact on our revenue-share and consumption-based solutions;•timing and amount of our investments to expand the capacity of our third-party cloud hosting providers;•seasonality, especially with respect to our Operate Solutions, which tend to generate higher revenue during periods of increased time spent on entertainment, such as holidays, though such seasonal impacts have been and may be reduced or changed as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic;•investments in new features and functionality of the solutions offered on our platform;•timing of customer purchases and usage of our platform;•timing of updates and new features on our platform;•fluctuations or delays in purchasing decisions in anticipation of new solutions or enhancements by us or our competitors;•changes in customers’ budgets and in the timing of their budget cycles and purchasing decisions;•our ability to price our offerings effectively;•amount and timing of payment for operating expenses, particularly research and development and sales and marketing expenses, including commissions, many of which occur in advance of the anticipated benefits resulting from such expenses;•amount and timing of non-cash expenses, including stock-based compensation, amortization of acquired intangibles and acquisition-related expenses;•amount and timing of costs associated with recruiting, training and integrating new employees and retaining and motivating existing employees;•timing of acquisitions and costs associated with integrating acquired companies;•general economic, social and public health conditions, both domestically and globally, as well as conditions specifically affecting industries in which our customers operate;•impact of new accounting pronouncements or changes in accounting principles;•costs that we incur in order to comply with changing regulatory or legal requirements, especially with respect to privacy and security matters;•changes in tax laws or regulations that are adverse to us or our customers;•changes in the competitive dynamics of our market, including consolidation among competitors or customers; and•significant security breaches of, technical difficulties with or interruptions to the delivery and use of our platform.Any of these and other factors, or the cumulative effect of some of these factors, may cause our results of operations to vary significantly. If our quarterly results of operations fall below the expectations of investors and securities analysts who follow our stock, the price of our common stock could decline substantially, and we could face costly lawsuits, including securities class action suits.21Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Seasonality may cause fluctuations in our sales and results of operations.Our quarterly results of operations may vary significantly as a result of seasonal fluctuations during periods such as holidays, during which end users spend increased time on entertainment, including games, and mobile applications, which generally increases our customers’ consumption of our Operate Solutions, and may impact our revenue derived from Operate Solutions. We may also experience fluctuations due to factors that may be outside of our control that drive consumption up or down. While we believe that this seasonality has affected and will continue to affect our quarterly results, our rapid growth has largely masked seasonal trends to date.Downturns or upturns in our sales may not be immediately reflected in our financial position and results of operations.Our enterprise customers typically purchase one- to three-year subscriptions to our Create Solutions, while independent creators and smaller studios typically purchase subscriptions with one-year terms. Because we generally recognize revenue from our Create Solutions ratably over the term of the subscription, any decreases in new subscriptions or renewals from these customers in any one period will not be immediately reflected as a decrease in revenue for that period but would negatively affect our revenue in future quarters. This also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue in any particular period through the sale of additional subscriptions to our Create Solutions. If our quarterly results of operations fall below the expectations of investors and securities analysts who follow our stock, the price of our common stock would decline substantially, and we could face costly lawsuits, including securities class actions.Third parties with whom we do business may be unable to honor their obligations to us or their actions may put us at risk.We rely on third parties, including our strategic partners, for various aspects of our business, including deep technology collaborations, co-marketing, advertising partners, development services agreements and revenue share arrangements. Their actions may put our business, reputation and brand at risk. In many cases, third parties may be given access to sensitive and proprietary information or personal information in order to provide services and support to our teams or customers, and they may misappropriate and engage in unauthorized use of our information, technology or customers’ data. In addition, the failure of these third parties to provide adequate services and technologies, or the failure of the third parties to adequately maintain or update their services and technologies, could result in a disruption to our business operations. Further, disruptions in the mobile application industry, financial markets, economic downturns, poor business decisions, or reputational harm may adversely affect our partners and may increase their propensity to engage in fraud or otherwise illegal activity which could harm our business reputation, and they may not be able to continue honoring their obligations to us, or we may cease our arrangements with them. Alternative arrangements and services may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all and we may experience business interruptions upon a transition to an alternative partner or vendor. If we lose one or more business relationships, or experience a degradation of services, our business could be harmed and our financial results could be adversely affected.22Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.We use resellers and other third parties to sell, market, and deploy our solutions to a variety of customers, and our failure to effectively develop, manage, and maintain our indirect sales channels would harm our business.We use and plan to use resellers and other third parties to sell, market, and deploy our Create Solutions to a variety of customers, particularly in industries beyond gaming. For example, we currently leverage an indirect value-added reseller network to cost effectively service our mid-sized, small and independent Create Solutions customers and we engage in cooperative marketing efforts with strategic partners. Loss of or reduction in sales through these third parties could reduce our revenue. Identifying and retaining resellers and strategic partners, training them in our technology and product offerings, and negotiating and documenting relationships with them, requires significant time and resources. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain our relationships with our resellers or strategic partners on favorable terms or at all.Our resellers may cease marketing or reselling our platform with limited or no notice and without penalty. Further, a substantial number of our agreements with resellers are non-exclusive such that those resellers may offer customers the solutions of several different companies, including solutions that compete with ours. Our resellers may favor our competitors’ solutions or services over ours, including due to incentives that our competitors provide to resellers. One or more of our resellers could be acquired by one of our competitors, which could adversely affect our ability to sell through that reseller. If our resellers do not effectively sell, market or deploy our solutions, choose to promote our competitors’ solutions, or otherwise fail to meet the needs of our customers, our ability to sell our solutions could be adversely affected.Our direct sales force targets larger customers, and sales to these customers involve risks that may not be present or that are present to a lesser extent with respect to sales to smaller customers.One of the factors affecting our growth and financial performance is the adoption of our platform and solutions by enterprise customers over legacy and proprietary technologies. To increase adoption within larger enterprise customers and to expand into new industries, such as automotive, where potential customers are typically larger organizations, we utilize a direct sales organization. We have relatively limited experience selling our platform and solutions in industries outside gaming. To increase sales of our platform and solutions outside gaming, we are expanding our sales organization with personnel who have experience in enterprise software sales in the specific industries outside gaming on which we are focusing. If we do not effectively expand our direct sales capabilities to address these industries effectively and develop effective sales and marketing strategies for those industries, or if we focus our efforts on non-gaming industries that end up being slow adopters of our platform and solutions, our ability to increase sales of our platform and solutions to industries and for use cases outside gaming will be adversely affected.23Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Sales to larger customers involve risks that may not be present or that are present to a lesser extent with sales to smaller customers, such as longer sales cycles, more complex customer requirements, substantial upfront sales costs, and less predictability in completing some of our sales. For example, larger customers may require considerable time to evaluate and test our platform and those of our competitors prior to making a purchase decision or may have specific compliance and product requirements we may not meet. A number of factors influence the length and variability of our sales cycle, including the need to educate potential customers about the uses and benefits of our platform, the discretionary nature of purchasing and budget cycles, and the competitive nature of evaluation and purchasing approval processes. As a result, the length of our sales cycle, from identification of the opportunity to deal closure, may vary significantly from customer to customer, with sales to larger customers typically taking longer to complete. Moreover, larger customers often begin to deploy our platform on a limited basis, but nevertheless demand configuration, integration services and pricing negotiations, which increase our upfront investment in the sales effort with no guarantee that these customers will deploy our platform widely enough across their organization to justify our substantial upfront investment. If we fail to increase adoption of our platform and solutions by larger enterprise customers, our growth could be impaired.Our business is subject to risks generally associated with the gaming industry.The substantial majority of our revenue is currently derived from customers in the gaming industry, and we rely to a significant extent on the health of the gaming industry and the success of our customers’ games to maintain and increase our revenue. Accordingly, we are especially susceptible to market conditions and risks associated with the gaming industry, including the popularity, price and timing of release of games, changes in consumer demographics, the availability and popularity of other forms of entertainment, public tastes and preferences, and the increased focus of regulators, all of which are difficult to predict and are beyond our control.In addition, end users may view games as a discretionary purchase. Although in periods of economic downturn time spent on gaming typically increases, if we experience a prolonged downturn as a result of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, end users may reduce their discretionary spending on games and our customers, in turn, may not renew their subscriptions or may otherwise reduce their usage of our platform, which would adversely impact our revenue and financial condition. Economic conditions that negatively impact discretionary consumer spending, including inflation, slower growth, unemployment levels, tax rates, interest rates, energy prices, declining consumer confidence, recession and other macroeconomic conditions, including those resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and from geopolitical issues and uncertainty, could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.We provide service-level agreement commitments related to certain of our Create and Operate Solutions. If we fail to meet these contractual commitments, we could be obligated to provide refunds of prepaid amounts or other credits, which would lower our revenue and harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.Certain of our Create and Operate Solutions include service-level agreements commitments. If we are unable to meet the stated service-level commitments, including failure to meet the uptime and response time requirements under our customer agreements, we could face terminations with refunds of prepaid amounts or other credits, which could significantly affect both our current and future revenue. Any service-level failures could also damage our reputation, which could also adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.24Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Indemnity provisions in various agreements to which we are a party potentially expose us to substantial liability for infringement, misappropriation or other violation of intellectual property rights, data protection and other losses.Our agreements with our customers and other third parties may include indemnification provisions under which we agree to indemnify or otherwise be liable to them for losses suffered or incurred as a result of claims of infringement, misappropriation or other violation of intellectual property rights, data protection or other data rights, damages caused by us to property or persons, or other liabilities relating to or arising from our software, services, platform, our acts or omissions under such agreements or other contractual obligations. Some of our historical indemnity agreements, and renewals of such agreements, provide for uncapped liability and some indemnity provisions survive termination or expiration of the applicable agreement. Large indemnity payments would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Although we attempt to contractually limit our liability with respect to such indemnity obligations in our more recent customer agreements, in some cases, the liability is not limited given other strategic facets of the relationship and we may still incur substantial liability related to such agreements, and we may be required to cease providing certain functions or features on our platform as a result of any such claims. Even if we succeed in contractually limiting our liability, such limitations may not always be enforceable. Any dispute with a customer or other third party with respect to such obligations could have adverse effects on our relationship with such customer or other third party and other existing or prospective customers, reduce demand for our platform and adversely affect our business, financial conditions and results of operations. In addition, although we carry general liability insurance, our insurance may not be adequate to indemnify us for all liability that may be imposed on us or otherwise protect us from liabilities or damages with respect to claims, including clams on such matters as alleged compromises of customer data, which may be substantial. Any such coverage may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms or at all.If we fail to offer high-quality support, our ability to retain and attract customers could suffer.Our customers rely on our sales, customer success and customer support personnel and tools to resolve issues and realize the full benefits that our platform provides. High-quality support is important for the retention of our existing customers and expanding their use of our platform. The importance of these functions will increase as we expand our business, pursue new customers and seek to expand the use of our platform and solutions by enterprise customers in new industries outside of gaming. If we do not help our customers quickly resolve issues and provide effective ongoing support, our ability to maintain and expand our solution to existing and new customers could suffer, and our reputation with existing or potential customers could suffer.Acquisitions, strategic investments, partnerships, and alliances could be difficult to identify, pose integration challenges, divert the attention of management, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value, and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.We have in the past and may in the future seek to acquire or invest in businesses, joint ventures, platform, or technologies that we believe could complement or expand our platform, enhance our technical capabilities, or otherwise offer growth opportunities. Although the significant majority of our revenue growth has been organic, we have completed more than 15 acquisitions since the beginning of 2019, including deltaDNA, Vivox, Parsec, and Weta Digital, to further our goal of providing a complete set of solutions for all creator needs. Any such acquisition or investment may divert the attention of management and cause us to incur various expenses in identifying, investigating and pursuing suitable opportunities, whether or not the transactions are completed, and may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. In particular, we may encounter difficulties assimilating or integrating the businesses, technologies, data, platform, personnel or operations of any acquired companies, particularly if the key personnel of an acquired company choose not to work for us or face cultural challenges integrating with our company, or if their software or technology is not easily adapted to work with our platform, or we have difficulty retaining the customers of any acquired business due to changes in ownership, management, or otherwise. In addition, we have invested and may in the future invest in private companies and may not realize a return on our investments.25Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.We could also face risks related to liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including intellectual property infringement claims, violations of laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities and other known and unknown liabilities, and litigation or other claims in connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, users, former stockholders or other third parties, and our efforts to limit such liabilities could be unsuccessful. These transactions may also disrupt our business, divert our resources, and require significant management attention that would otherwise be available for development of our existing business. Any such transactions that we are able to complete may not result in any synergies or other benefits we had expected to achieve, which could result in impairment charges that could be substantial. In addition, we may not be able to find and identify desirable acquisition targets or business opportunities or be successful in entering into an agreement with any particular strategic partner. These transactions could also result in dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, amortization expenses, incremental operating expenses, or the impairment of goodwill, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, if the resulting business from such a transaction fails to meet our expectations, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected or we may be exposed to unknown risks or liabilities.The acquisition of certain of Weta Digital's assets may cause a disruption in our business.The acquisition of certain of Weta Digital's assets (the "Weta Digital Acquisition") could cause disruptions to our business or business relationships, which could have an adverse impact on results of operations. The integration of certain of Weta Digital's assets may place a significant burden on our management and internal resources. The diversion of management’s attention, particularly in our Create Solutions, away from day-to-day business concerns and any difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process could adversely affect our financial results.We have incurred significant costs, expenses and fees for professional services and other transaction costs in connection with the Weta Digital Acquisition. We may also incur unanticipated costs in the integration of certain of Weta Digital's assets with our business. The substantial majority of these costs will be non-recurring expenses relating to the Weta Digital Acquisition. We also could be subject to litigation related to the Weta Digital Acquisition, which could result in significant costs and expenses.Our estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the market in which we compete achieves the forecasted growth, our business could fail to grow at a similar rate, if at all.The estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth we have made and may make may prove to be inaccurate. Market opportunity estimates and growth forecasts, including those we have generated ourselves, are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on assumptions and estimates that may not prove to be accurate. The variables that affect the calculation of our market opportunity are also subject to change over time.Estimates of market opportunity in industries beyond gaming are particularly uncertain, given the earlier stage of adoption of solutions for RT3D content creation in those markets. Our estimates of the market opportunity that we can address outside gaming depend on a variety of factors, including the number of software developers, architects and engineers that are potential users of our products. We cannot be sure that the industries in which these developers, architects or engineers are employed will adopt RT3D generally, or our solutions specifically, to any particular extent or at any particular rate.26Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Our expectations regarding potential future market opportunities that we may be able to address are subject to even greater uncertainty. For example, our expectations regarding future market opportunities in gaming depend, among other things, on the extent to which we are able to develop new products and features that expand the applicability of our platform. In addition, our expectations regarding future market opportunities represented by augmented reality and virtual reality applications are subject to uncertainties relating from the fact that such applications are at relatively early stages of development and may not grow at the rates we expect. The extent to which engineers, technicians or other potential users of our products in industries outside gaming are representative of other future market opportunities will depend on those industries having use cases that can be served by RT3D content. Our ability to address those opportunities will depend on our developing products that are responsive to those use cases. In addition, there is significant uncertainty with respect to our estimate of the amount by which the acquisition of Weta Digital will increase our total market opportunity, which is based on internal models and assumes that there is a significant market opportunity amount consumers as well as professional artists for digital visual effects solutions.We cannot assure you that any particular number or percentage of addressable users or companies covered by our market opportunity estimates will purchase our solutions at all or generate any particular level of revenue for us. In addition, any expansion in our market depends on a number of factors, including the cost, performance and perceived value associated with our platform and those of our competitors. Even if the market in which we compete meets the size estimates and growth we forecast, our business could fail to achieve a substantial share of this market or grow at a similar rate, if at all. Our growth is subject to many risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, the estimates of market opportunity or forecasts of market growth we have made and may make should not be taken as indicative of our future growth.Our business could be disrupted by catastrophic events.Occurrence of any catastrophic event, including earthquake, fire, flood, tsunami or other weather event, power loss, telecommunications failure, software or hardware malfunction, cyber-attack, war or terrorist attack, explosion, or pandemic could impact our business. In particular, our corporate headquarters are located in the San Francisco Bay Area, a region known for seismic activity, and are thus vulnerable to damage in an earthquake. Our insurance coverage may not compensate us for losses that may occur in the event of an earthquake or other significant natural disaster. If any disaster were to occur, our ability to operate our business at our facilities could be impaired and we could incur significant losses, require substantial recovery time and experience significant expenditures in order to resume operations. If we are unable to develop adequate plans to ensure that our business functions continue to operate during and after a disaster and to execute successfully on those plans in the event of a disaster or emergency, our business would be harmed.Health epidemics, including the current COVID-19 pandemic, have had, and could in the future have, an adverse impact on our business, operations, and the markets and communities in which we, our partners and customers operate.Our business and operations could be adversely affected by health epidemics, including the current COVID-19 pandemic, impacting the markets and communities in which we, our partners and customers operate. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused and continues to cause significant business and financial markets disruption worldwide and there is significant uncertainty around the duration of this disruption on both a nationwide and global level, as well as the ongoing effects on our business.27Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will directly or indirectly impact our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted, and we may be unable to accurately forecast our revenue or financial results. Although we have experienced a modest adverse impact on our sales of Create Solutions as well as our Strategic Partnerships, our pipeline of customer opportunities for our Create Solutions and Strategic Partnerships were largely back to normal levels by the end of 2020, and we have not experienced COVID-19 related impacts on our Create Solutions or Strategic Partnerships in 2021. We did see an increase in demand for our portfolio of products and services within Operate Solutions following the implementation of shelter-in-place orders to mitigate the outbreak of COVID-19, which has resulted in higher levels of end-user engagement in Operate Solutions, which has moderated over time. This increased demand for our Operate Solutions will likely continue to moderate over time, particularly as vaccines are becoming widely available, and as shelter-in-place orders and other related measures and community practices evolve. Additionally, COVID-19 protocols and precautions reduced spending on events and facilities across 2020 and 2021, which savings will likely not be repeated in future years causing our expenses to increase. Further, as certain of our customers or partners experience downturns or uncertainty in their own business operations or revenue resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, they may decrease or delay their spending, request pricing concessions or seek renegotiations of their contracts, and decrease advertising spend, any of which may result in decreased revenue for us.  In addition, we may experience customer or strategic partner losses, including due to bankruptcy or our customers or strategic partners ceasing operations, which may result in an inability to collect receivables from these parties. A decline in revenue or the collectability of our receivables could harm our business.In addition, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we are requiring or have required substantially all of our employees to work remotely to minimize the risk of the virus to our employees and the communities in which we operate. We are currently planning for our employees to return to in-person offices later in 2022, however our plans may change if the number of COVID-19 cases rises where our offices are located, and we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers and business partners. As our team continues to be dispersed, employees may have less capacity to work due to increased personal obligations (such as childcare, eldercare, or caring for family members who become sick), may become sick themselves and be unable to work, or may be otherwise negatively affected, mentally or physically, by the COVID-19 pandemic and prolonged social distancing. These burdens may lead to employee burn-out and decreased effectiveness which could adversely affect our results due to slow-downs in our sales cycles and recruiting efforts, delays in our entry into customer contracts, delays in addressing performance issues, delays in product development, delays and inefficiencies among various operational aspects of our business, including our financial organization, which could seriously harm our business. More generally, the COVID-19 outbreak has adversely affected economies and financial markets globally, which could decrease technology spending and adversely affect demand for our platform.The global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic continues to rapidly evolve, and we will continue to monitor the situation and the effects on our business and operations closely. We do not yet know the full extent of potential impacts on our business, operations or the global economy as a whole, particularly if the COVID-19 pandemic and related public health measures continue and persists. The rollout of vaccines and the reduction of COVID-19 cases globally could affect the seasonality of our business or boost global GDP growth, which could positively impact our business. However, the return of more in-person activities will result in an increase in our expenses and could result in a range of impacts to our customers, which could negatively impact our business. Given the uncertainty, we cannot reasonably estimate the impact on our future results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. While the COVID-19 pandemic may eventually be contained or mitigated, there is no guarantee that a future outbreak of this or any other widespread epidemics will not occur, or that the global economy will recover, either of which could harm our business.28Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Our current operations are and will continue to be global in scope, creating a variety of operational challenges.We currently have operations and customers across all major global markets. In the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, 37%, 36%, and 34% of our revenue was generated by customers in EMEA, respectively. For each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, 35%, 34%, and 33% of our revenue was generated by customers in Asia-Pacific, respectively. For each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, 27%, 30%, and 33% of our revenue was generated by customers in the Americas, respectively. We also have a sales presence in multiple countries. We are continuing to adapt to and develop strategies to address global markets, but we cannot assure you that such efforts will be successful. For example, we anticipate that we will need to establish relationships with new partners in order to grow in certain countries, and if we fail to identify, establish and maintain such relationships, we may be unable to execute on our expansion plans. As of December 31, 2021, approximately 67% of our full-time employees were located outside of the United States. We expect that our global activities will continue to grow for the foreseeable future as we continue to pursue growth opportunities, which will require significant dedication of management attention and financial resources.Our current and future global business and operations involve a variety of risks, including:•slower than anticipated availability and adoption of our platform by creators outside the United States;•changes or instability in a specific country’s or region’s political, social or economic conditions, including in the United Kingdom ("U.K.") as a result of its exit from the European Union;•the need to adapt and localize our platform for specific countries;•maintaining our company culture across all of our offices globally;•greater difficulty collecting accounts receivable and potential for longer payment cycles;•increased reliance on resellers and other third parties for our global expansion;•burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws, including costs associated with legal structures, accounting, statutory filings and tax liabilities;•more stringent regulations relating to privacy and data security and the unauthorized use of, or access to, commercial and personal information, particularly in Europe;•differing and potentially more onerous labor regulations and practices, especially in Europe, where labor laws are generally more advantageous to employees as compared to the United States, including deemed hourly wage and overtime regulations in these locations, or the existence of workers’ councils and labor unions;•challenges inherent in efficiently managing, and the increased costs associated with, an increased number of employees over large geographic distances, including the need to implement appropriate systems, policies, benefits, statutory equity requirements and compliance programs that are specific to each jurisdiction;•potential changes in laws, regulations and costs affecting our U.K. operations and local employees due to Brexit;•unexpected changes in trade relations, regulations, laws or enforcement;•difficulties in managing a business in new markets with diverse cultures, languages, customs, legal systems, alternative dispute systems, and regulatory systems;•increased travel, real estate, infrastructure and legal compliance costs associated with multiple global locations and subsidiaries;29Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.•currency exchange rate fluctuations and the resulting effect on our revenue and expenses, and the cost and risk of entering into hedging transactions if we chose to do so in the future;•higher levels of credit risk and payment fraud;•restrictions on the transfer of funds, such as limitations on our ability to reinvest earnings from operations in one country to fund the capital needs of our operations in other countries;•enhanced difficulties of integrating any foreign acquisitions;•laws and business practices favoring local competitors or general market preferences for local vendors;•reduced or uncertain intellectual property protection or difficulties obtaining, maintaining, protecting or enforcing our intellectual property rights, including our trademarks and patents;•foreign government interference with our intellectual property that resides outside of the United States, such as the risk of changes in foreign laws that could restrict our ability to use our intellectual property outside of the foreign jurisdiction in which we developed it;•political instability, hostilities, war, or terrorist activities;•exposure to liabilities under anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA"), U.S. bribery laws, the UK Bribery Act, and similar laws and regulations in other jurisdictions; and •adverse tax burdens and foreign exchange controls that could make it difficult to repatriate earnings and cash.If we invest substantial time and resources to grow our business in markets outside the U.S. and are unable to do so successfully and in a timely manner, our business and results of operations will suffer.If we experience excessive fraudulent activity or cannot meet evolving credit card association merchant standards, we could incur substantial costs and lose the right to accept credit cards for payment, which could cause our customer base to decline significantly.A large portion of our customers authorize us to bill their credit card accounts directly for their use of our platform. If we experience fraud associated with stolen credit cards, we could incur substantial third-party vendor costs for which we may not be reimbursed. Further, our customers provide us with credit card billing information online or over the phone, and we do not review the physical credit cards used in these transactions, which increases our risk of exposure to fraudulent activity. We also incur charges, which we refer to as chargebacks, from the credit card companies for claims that the customer did not authorize the credit card transaction for the purchase of our platform, something that we have experienced in the past. If the number of claims of unauthorized credit card transactions becomes excessive, we could be assessed substantial fines for excess chargebacks, and we could lose the right to accept credit cards for payment. In addition, credit card issuers may change merchant standards, including data protection and documentation standards, required to utilize their services from time to time. If we fail to maintain compliance with current merchant standards or fail to meet new standards, the credit card associations could fine us or terminate their agreements with us, and we would be unable to accept credit cards as payment for our platform. Our platform may also be subject to fraudulent usage and schemes which could result in unauthorized access to customer accounts and data, unauthorized use or circumvention of our platform or technologies, and charges and expenses to customers for fraudulent usage as well as lost revenue. We may be required to pay for these charges and expenses with no reimbursement from the customer, and our reputation may be harmed if our platform is subject to fraudulent usage. Although we implement multiple fraud prevention and detection controls, we cannot assure you that these controls will be adequate to protect against fraud. Substantial losses due to fraud or our inability to accept credit card payments would cause our customer base to significantly decrease and would harm our business.30Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.We are exposed to collection and credit risks, which could impact our operating results.Our accounts receivable are subject to collection and credit risks, which could impact our operating results. Our Create Solutions typically include upfront purchase commitments for a one- to three-year subscription, which may be invoiced over multiple reporting periods, increasing these risks. With respect to our Operate Solutions, we rely on payments from advertisers in order to pay our customers their revenue earned from our Unified Auction. We are generally obligated to pay our customers for revenue earned within a negotiated period of time, regardless of whether or not our advertisers have paid us on time, or at all. While we attempt to negotiate a longer payment period with our customers and shorter periods for our advertisers, we are not always successful. As a result we can face a timing issue with our accounts payable on shorter cycles than our accounts receivable, requiring us to remit payments from our own funds, and accept the risk of bad debt. Businesses that are good credit risks at the time of sale may become bad credit risks over time. In times of economic recession, the number of our customers who default on payments owed to us tends to increase. Our operating results may be impacted by significant bankruptcies among customers, which could negatively impact our revenue and cash flows. We cannot assure you that our processes to monitor and mitigate these risks will be effective. If we fail to adequately assess and monitor our credit risks, we could experience longer payment cycles, increased collection costs and higher bad debt expense, and our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed.Fluctuations in currency exchange rates could harm our operating results and financial condition.We offer our solutions to customers globally and have operations in Denmark, Belgium, Canada, China, Colombia, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Israel, Japan, Lithuania, Portugal, Singapore, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, and the U.K. Although the majority of our cash generated from revenue is denominated in U.S. dollars, revenue generated and expenses incurred by our subsidiaries outside of the United States are often denominated in the currencies of the local countries. As a result, our consolidated U.S. dollar financial statements are subject to fluctuations due to changes in exchange rates as the financial results of our non-U.S. subsidiaries are translated from local currencies into U.S. dollars. Our financial results are also subject to changes in exchange rates that impact the settlement of transactions in non-local currencies. Because we conduct business in currencies other than U.S. dollars but report our results of operations in U.S. dollars, we also face remeasurement exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could hinder our ability to predict our future results and earnings and could materially impact our results of operations. To date, we have not engaged in currency hedging activities to limit the risk of exchange fluctuations and, as a result, our financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected by such fluctuations.31Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Our global operations may subject us to potential adverse tax consequences.We are expanding our global operations to better support our growth in global markets. Our corporate structure and associated transfer pricing policies contemplate future growth in global markets, and consider the functions, risks and assets of the various entities involved in intercompany transactions. The amount of taxes we pay in different jurisdictions depends on, among other factors, the application of the tax laws of the various jurisdictions, including the United States, to our global business activities, changes in tax rates, new or revised interpretations of existing tax laws and policies and our ability to operate our business in a manner consistent with our corporate structure and intercompany arrangements. New or revised tax laws may also impact the amount of taxes we pay in different jurisdictions, such as Pillar One and Pillar Two being considered by the Organisation of Economic Co-Operation and Development, which would fundamentally change long-standing transfer pricing principles of taxation. The United States is also actively considering tax reform measures that could negatively impact the amount of taxes that we pay. The taxing authorities of the jurisdictions in which we operate may challenge our methodologies for pricing intercompany transactions pursuant to our intercompany arrangements or disagree with our determinations as to the income and expenses attributable to specific jurisdictions. If such a challenge or disagreement were to occur, and our position was not sustained, we could be required to pay additional taxes, interest and penalties, which could result in one-time tax charges, higher effective tax rates, reduced cash flows and lower overall profitability of our operations. Our financial statements could fail to reflect adequate reserves to cover such a contingency.Changes in our effective tax rate or tax liability may have an adverse effect on our results of operations.Our effective tax rate could increase due to several factors, including:•changes in the relative amounts of income before taxes in the various jurisdictions in which we operate that have differing statutory tax rates;•changes in tax laws, tax treaties, and regulations or the interpretation of them;•changes to our assessment of our ability to realize our deferred tax assets that are based on estimates of our future results, the feasibility of possible tax planning strategies, and the economic and political environments in which we do business;•the outcome of current and future tax audits, examinations or administrative appeals; and•limitations or adverse findings regarding our ability to do business in some jurisdictions.Any of these developments could adversely affect our results of operations.32Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies prove to be incorrect, our results of operations could be adversely affected.The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10‑K. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, as provided in the section titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates.” The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities and equity, and the amount of revenue and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Significant estimates and judgments involve revenue recognition, the valuation of our stock-based compensation awards, including the determination of fair value of our common stock, accounting for business combinations and income taxes, among others. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions and any such differences may be material. Our results of operations may be adversely affected if our assumptions change or if actual circumstances differ from those in our assumptions, which could cause our results of operations to fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our common stock.We may require additional capital to support the growth of our business, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all.We have funded our operations since inception primarily with sales of our convertible preferred stock, common stock and convertible notes and with cash generated from sales of our Create Solutions and Operate Solutions and from our strategic partnerships. We cannot be certain when or if our operations will generate sufficient cash to fully fund our ongoing operations or the growth of our business. We intend to continue to make investments to support our business and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new solutions, products, services or enhance our existing solutions, products or services, enhance our operating infrastructure, expand globally and acquire complementary businesses and technologies. Additional financing may not be available on terms favorable to us, if at all. In particular, the current COVID-19 pandemic has caused disruption in the global financial markets, which may reduce our ability to access capital and negatively affect our liquidity in the future. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to invest in future growth opportunities, which could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. If we incur additional debt, the debt holders would have rights senior to holders of common stock to make claims on our assets, and the terms of any debt could restrict our operations, including our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. Furthermore, if we issue additional equity securities, stockholders will experience dilution, and the new equity securities could have rights senior to those of our common stock. Because our decision to issue securities in the future will depend on numerous considerations, including factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, or nature of any future issuances of debt, equity, or other securities. As a result, our stockholders bear the risk of future issuances of debt, equity, or other securities reducing the value of our common stock and diluting their interests. Our inability to obtain adequate financing on terms satisfactory to us, when we require it, could significantly limit our ability to continue to support our business growth, respond to business challenges, expand our operations or otherwise capitalize on our business opportunities due to lack of sufficient capital. Even if we are able to raise such capital, we cannot assure you that it will enable us to achieve better operating results or grow our business.33Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Risks Related to our Platform and TechnologyIf we do not make our platform, including new versions or technology advancements, easier to use or properly train customers on how to use our platform, our ability to broaden the appeal of our platform and solutions and to increase our revenue could suffer.Our platform can be complex to use, and our ability to expand the appeal of our platform depends in part on ensuring that it can be used by a variety of creators. While certain features of our solutions are designed to address the needs of professional developers, we believe that our ability to expand adoption of our platform will depend in part on our ability to address the needs of creators with varied needs and levels of expertise, including artists, animators and sound technicians, as well as new categories of creators and end users, such as architects, civil and mechanical engineers, and designers, in industries beyond gaming. Accordingly, it will be important to our future success that we continue to increase the accessibility of our platform. If we do not succeed in maintaining and broadening the accessibility of our platform, or if competitors develop and introduce products that are easier to use than ours, our ability to increase adoption of our platform will suffer.In order to get full use of our platform, users generally need training. We provide a variety of training resources to our customers, and we believe we will need to continue to maintain and enhance the breadth and effectiveness of our training resources as the scope and complexity of our platform increase. If we do not provide effective training resources for our customers on how to efficiently and effectively use our platform, our ability to grow our business will suffer, and our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. Additionally, when we announce or release new versions of our platform or advancements in our technology, we could fail to sufficiently explain or train our customers on how to use such new versions or advancements or we may announce or release such versions prematurely. These failures on our part may lead to our customers being confused about use of our products or expected technology releases, and our ability to grow our business, results of operations, brand and reputation may be adversely affected. For example, such failures have in the past led to customers expressing frustration with our platform on social media and other internet sites.Interruptions, performance problems, or defects associated with our platform may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.Our reputation and ability to attract and retain customers and grow our business depends in part on our ability to operate our platform at high levels of reliability, scalability and performance, including the ability of our existing and potential customers to access our platform at any time and within an acceptable amount of time. Interruptions in the performance of our platform and solutions, whether due to system failures, computer viruses or physical or electronic break-ins, could affect the availability of our platform. We have experienced, and may in the future experience, disruptions, outages and other performance problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, introductions of new functionality, human or software errors, capacity constraints due to an overwhelming number of customers accessing our platform simultaneously, denial of service attacks or other security-related incidents.34Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.It may become increasingly difficult to maintain and improve our performance, especially during peak usage times and as our customer base grows and our platform becomes more complex. If our platform is unavailable or if our customers are unable to access our platform within a reasonable amount of time or at all, we may experience a loss of customers, lost or delayed market acceptance of our platform, delays in payment to us by customers, injury to our reputation and brand, legal claims against us, significant cost of remedying these problems and the diversion of our resources. In addition, to the extent that we do not effectively address capacity constraints, upgrade our systems as needed and continually develop our technology and network architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology, our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as our reputation, may be adversely affected. For example, due to heightened concerns about the regulatory environment with respect to privacy and security matters, our customers are increasingly requesting audit certifications, such as SOC 2, Type II, that we have not yet achieved. Failure to achieve these certifications may adversely impact our ability to grow our business at the pace that may be expected by our investors. Additionally, material interruptions to our service due to security-related incidents may expose us to regulatory fines in certain jurisdictions where we operate even in the absence of data loss.Further, the software technology underlying our platform is inherently complex and may contain material defects or errors, particularly when new products are first introduced or when new features or capabilities are released. We have from time to time found defects or errors in our platform, and new defects or errors in our existing platform or new products may be detected in the future by us or our users. We cannot assure you that our existing platform and new products will not contain defects. Any real or perceived errors, failures, vulnerabilities, or bugs in our platform could result in negative publicity or lead to data security, access, retention or other performance issues, all of which could harm our business. The costs incurred in correcting such defects or errors may be substantial and could harm our business. Moreover, the harm to our reputation and legal liability related to such defects or errors may be substantial and could similarly harm our business.If we or our third-party service providers experience a security breach or unauthorized parties otherwise obtain access to our customers’ data, our data, or our platform, our platform may be perceived as not secure, our reputation may be harmed, our business operations may be disrupted, demand for our products may be reduced, and we may incur significant liabilities.Operating our business and platform involves the collection, storage and transmission of sensitive, proprietary and confidential information, including personal information of our personnel, customers and their end users, our proprietary and confidential information and the confidential information we collect from our partners, customers and creators.The security measures we take to protect this information may be breached as a result of cyber-attacks, computer malware, software bugs and vulnerabilities, malicious code, viruses, social engineering (including spear phishing and ransomware attacks), denial-of-service attacks (such as credential stuffing attacks), supply chain attacks and vulnerabilities through our third party vendors, hacking, and other efforts by individuals or groups of hackers and sophisticated organizations, including state-sponsored organizations or nation-states. Such incidents have become more prevalent in our industry in recent years. For example, attempts by malicious actors to fraudulently induce our personnel into disclosing usernames, passwords or other information that can be used to access our systems have increased and could be successful. Ransomware attacks are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe and can lead to significant interruptions, delays, or outages in our operations, loss of data, loss of income, significant extra expenses to restore data or systems, reputational harm, and the diversion of funds. Extortion payments may alleviate the negative impact of a ransomware attack, but we may be unwilling or unable to make such payments due to, for example, applicable laws or regulations prohibiting payments. Our security measures could also be compromised by personnel, theft or errors, or be insufficient to prevent harm resulting from security vulnerabilities in software or systems on which we rely. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic and our remote workforce pose increased risks to our information technology assets and data. Future acquisitions could also expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities from any newly acquired information technology infrastructure.35Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Such incidents have occurred in the past, and may occur in the future, resulting in unauthorized, unlawful or inappropriate access to, inability to access, disclosure of or loss of the sensitive, proprietary and confidential information that we handle. Investigations into potential incidents occur on a regular basis as part of our Security program. Security incidents could also damage our IT systems, our ability to provide our products and services, and our ability to make the financial reports and other public disclosures required of public companies.We rely on third parties to provide critical services that help us deliver our solutions and operate our business. In the course of providing their services, these third parties may support or operate critical business systems for us or store or process personal information and any of the same sensitive, proprietary and confidential information that we handle. These third-party providers may not have adequate security measures and have experienced and could experience in the future security incidents that compromise the confidentiality, integrity or availability of the systems they operate for us or the information they process on our behalf. Such occurrences could adversely affect our business to the same degree as if we had experienced these occurrences directly and we may not have recourse to the responsible third parties for the resulting liability we incur.Because there are many different cybercrime and hacking techniques and such techniques continue to evolve, we may be unable to anticipate attempted security breaches, react in a timely manner or implement adequate preventative measures. While we have developed systems and processes designed to protect the integrity, confidentiality and security of our and our customers’ confidential and personal information under our control, we cannot assure you that any security measures that we or our third-party service providers have implemented will be effective against current or future security threats. A security breach or other security incident, or the perception that one has occurred, could result in a loss of customer confidence in the security of our platform and damage to our reputation and brand, reduce demand for our solutions, disrupt normal business operations, require us to incur material costs to investigate and remedy the incident and prevent recurrence, expose us to litigation, regulatory enforcement action, fines, penalties and damages and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These risks are likely to increase as we continue to grow and process, store and transmit an increasingly large volume of data.We have contractual and legal obligations to notify relevant stakeholders of security breaches. Most jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals, regulatory authorities and others of security breaches involving certain types of data. In addition, our agreements with certain customers and partners may require us to notify them in the event of a security breach. Such mandatory disclosures are costly, could lead to negative publicity and may cause our customers to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures.A security breach could lead to claims by our customers, their end users or other relevant parties that we have failed to comply with contractual obligations to implement specified security measures. As a result, we could be subject to legal action or our customers could end their relationships with us. We cannot assure you that the limitations of liability in our contracts would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from liabilities or damages. Security breaches could similarly result in enforcement actions by government authorities alleging that we have violated laws requiring us to maintain reasonable security measures.Additionally, we cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate for data security liabilities actually incurred, will cover any indemnification claims against us relating to any incident, will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations.36Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.In addition, we continue to expend significant costs to seek to protect our platform and solutions and to introduce additional security features for our customers, and we expect to continue to have to expend significant costs in the future. Any increase in these costs will adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.If we fail to timely release updates and new features to our platform and adapt and respond effectively to rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, changing regulations, or changing customer needs, requirements, or preferences, our platform may become less competitive.The market in which we compete is subject to rapid technological change, evolving industry standards, and changing regulations, as well as changing customer needs, requirements and preferences. The success of our business will depend, in part, on our ability to adapt and respond effectively to these changes on a timely basis. Accordingly, our ability to increase our revenue depends in large part on our ability to maintain, improve and differentiate our existing platform and introduce new functionality.We must continue to improve existing features and add new features and functionality to our platform in order to retain our existing customers and attract new ones. For example, if the technology underlying our high-definition rendering pipeline or our graphics, animation and audio tools become obsolete or do not address the needs of our customers, our business would suffer.Revenue growth from our products depends on our ability to continue to develop and offer effective features and functionality for our customers and to respond to frequently changing data protection regulations, policies, and end-user demands and expectations, which will require us to incur additional costs to implement. If we do not continue to improve our platform with additional features and functionality in a timely fashion, or if improvements to our platform are not well received by customers, our revenue could be adversely affected.If we fail to deliver timely releases of our products that are ready for commercial use, release a new version, service, tool or update with material errors, or are unable to enhance our platform to keep pace with rapid technological and regulatory changes or respond to new offerings by our competitors, or if new technologies emerge that are able to deliver competitive solutions at lower prices, more efficiently, more conveniently or more securely than our solutions, or if new operating systems, gaming platforms or devices are developed and we are unable to support our customers’ deployment of games and other applications onto those systems, platforms or devices, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.37Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Our business depends on the interoperability of our solutions across third-party platforms, operating systems, and applications, and on our ability to ensure our platform and solutions operate effectively on those platforms. If we are not able to integrate our solutions with third-party platforms in a timely manner, our business may be harmed.One of the most important features of our platform and solutions is broad interoperability with a range of diverse devices, operating systems and third-party applications. Our customers rely on our solutions to create and simultaneously deploy content to a variety of third-party platforms. Similarly, we and our customers also rely on our solutions' interoperability with third-party platforms in order to deliver services. Currently, we support and have strategic partnerships with over 20 such platforms. Third-party platforms are constantly evolving, and we may not be able to modify our solutions to assure compatibility with that of other third parties following development changes within a timely manner. For example, third-party platforms frequently deploy updates to their hardware or software and modify their system requirements. The success of our business depends on our ability to incorporate these updates to third-party licensed software into our technology, effectively respond to changes to device and operating system platform requirements, and maintain our relationships with third-party platforms. Our success also depends on our ability to simultaneously manage solutions on multiple platforms and our ability to effectively deploy our solutions to an increasing number of new platforms. Given the number of platforms we support, it can be difficult to keep pace with the number of third-party updates that are required in order to provide the interoperability our customers demand. If we fail to effectively respond to changes or updates to third-party platforms that we support, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be harmed.We rely upon third-party data centers and providers of cloud-based infrastructure to host our platform. Any disruption in the operations of these third-party providers, limitations on capacity or interference with our use could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.We currently serve our users from co-located data centers in the United States. We also use various third-party cloud hosting providers such as Google Cloud, AWS and Tencent to provide cloud infrastructure for our platform. Our Create Solutions and Operate Solutions rely on the operations of this infrastructure. Customers need to be able to access our platform at any time, without interruption or degradation of performance, and we provide some customers with service-level commitments with respect to uptime. In addition, our Operate Solutions and enterprise game server hosting depend on the ability of these data centers and cloud infrastructure to allow for our customers’ configuration, architecture, features and interconnection specifications and to secure the information stored in these data centers. Any limitation on the capacity of our data centers or cloud infrastructure could impede our ability to onboard new customers or expand the usage of our existing customers, host our products or serve our customers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, any incident affecting our data centers or cloud infrastructure that may be caused by cyber-attacks, natural disasters, fire, flood, severe storm, earthquake, power loss, outbreaks of contagious diseases, telecommunications failures, terrorist or other attacks and other similar events beyond our control could negatively affect the cloud-based portion of our platform. A prolonged service disruption affecting our data centers or cloud-based services for any of the foregoing reasons would negatively impact our ability to serve our customers and could damage our reputation with current and potential customers, expose us to liability, cause us to lose customers or otherwise harm our business. We may also incur significant costs for using alternative providers or taking other actions in preparation for, or in response to, events that damage the third-party hosting services we use.In the event that our service agreements relating to our data centers or cloud infrastructure are terminated, or there is a lapse of service, elimination of services or features that we utilize, interruption of internet service provider connectivity or damage to such facilities, we could experience interruptions in access to our platform, loss of revenue from revenue-share and consumption-based solutions, as well as significant delays and additional expense in arranging or creating new facilities and services or re-architecting our platform for deployment on a different data center provider or cloud infrastructure service provider, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.38Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.If the market for our platform does not continue to grow or develops more slowly or differently than we expect or we are unable to gain market acceptance for our new products, our business may be harmed.Our future success depends on increasing demand for solutions to create and operate interactive, RT3D content and our ability to continue to develop new products, services, features and functionality that our customers and end users demand. It is difficult to predict customer adoption rates and demand for our solutions or the future growth rate and size of our market. The expansion of our market depends on a number of factors, including the cost, performance and perceived value associated with interactive, RT3D content creation platforms as an alternative to traditional methods of content creation; the ability to monetize quality interactive content and experiences effectively and efficiently in gaming and across other industries; customer awareness of our platform; the timely completion, introduction and market acceptance of enhancements to our platform or new products that we may introduce, such as our investments into consumer markets or live sports and entertainment; our ability to attract, retain, and effectively train sales personnel; the effectiveness of our marketing programs; and the success of our competitors. The market for solutions like our platform that create and operate interactive, RT3D content might not continue to develop or might develop more slowly than we expect for a variety of reasons, including the failure to create new solutions and functionality that meet market demands, technological challenges, weakening economic conditions, data security or privacy concerns, governmental regulation, and competing technologies and solutions.If the market for our solutions does not continue to grow or develops more slowly or differently than we expect, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.39Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Any failure to obtain, maintain, protect or enforce our intellectual property and proprietary rights could impair our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand.Our success depends to a significant degree on our ability to obtain, maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights, including our proprietary technology, know-how and our brand. We rely on a combination of trademarks, trade secret laws, patents, copyrights, service marks, contractual restrictions and other intellectual property laws and confidentiality procedures to establish and protect our proprietary rights. However, the steps we take to obtain, maintain, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights may be inadequate. We will not be able to protect our intellectual property rights if we are unable to enforce our rights or if we do not detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights. If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights adequately, or fail to continuously innovate and advance our technology, our competitors could gain access to our proprietary technology and develop and commercialize substantially identical products, services or technologies. In addition, defending our intellectual property rights might entail significant expense. Any patents, trademarks or other intellectual property rights that we have or may obtain may be challenged or circumvented by others or invalidated or held unenforceable through administrative processes, including re-examination, inter partes review, interference and derivation proceedings and equivalent proceedings in foreign jurisdictions, such as opposition proceedings, or litigation. In addition, despite our pending patent applications, we cannot assure you that our patent applications will result in issued patents. Even if we continue to seek patent protection in the future, we may be unable to obtain or maintain patent protection for our technology. In addition, any patents issued from pending or future patent applications or licensed to us in the future may not provide us with competitive advantages, or may be successfully challenged by third parties. Furthermore, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain. Despite our precautions, it may be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy our solutions and use information that we regard as proprietary to create products that compete with ours. Patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available to us in every country in which our products are available. The value of our intellectual property could diminish if others assert rights in or ownership of our trademarks and other intellectual property rights, or trademarks that are similar to our trademarks. We may be unable to successfully resolve these types of conflicts to our satisfaction. In some cases, litigation or other actions may be necessary to protect or enforce our trademarks and other intellectual property rights. Furthermore, third parties may assert intellectual property claims against us, and we may be subject to liability, required to enter into costly license agreements, required to rebrand our products or prevented from selling some of our products if third parties successfully oppose or challenge our trademarks or successfully claim that we infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate their trademarks or other intellectual property rights. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the United States, and mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be inadequate. As we expand our global activities, our exposure to unauthorized copying and use of our platform and proprietary information will likely increase. Moreover, policing unauthorized use of our technologies, trade secrets and intellectual property may be difficult, expensive and time-consuming, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the United States and where mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be weak. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may be unable to prevent third parties from infringing upon, misappropriating or otherwise violating our intellectual property rights.We enter into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and consultants and enter into confidentiality agreements with other third parties, including suppliers and other partners. However, we cannot guarantee that we have entered into such agreements with each party that has or may have had access to our proprietary information, know-how and trade secrets or that has or may have developed intellectual property in connection with their engagement with us. Moreover, we cannot assure you that these agreements will be effective in controlling access to, distribution, use, misuse, misappropriation, reverse engineering or disclosure of our proprietary information, know-how and trade secrets. Further, these agreements may not prevent our competitors from independently developing technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our platform. These agreements may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach.40Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.In order to protect our intellectual property rights, we may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, such as rights under our software licenses, and to protect our trade secrets. Litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly, time-consuming and distracting to management, and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Further, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims, and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights, and if such defenses, counterclaims or countersuits are successful, we could lose valuable intellectual property rights. Our inability to enforce our unique licensing structure, including financial eligibility tiers, and our inability to protect our proprietary technology against unauthorized copying or use, as well as any costly litigation or diversion of our management’s attention and resources, could delay further sales or the implementation of our solutions, impair the functionality of our platform, delay introductions of new solutions, result in our substituting inferior or more costly technologies into our products, or injure our reputation.We license and make available source code to customers. Although those customers are restricted in the manner in which they can use and share our source code, we cannot assure you that unauthorized use or copying of our source code will not occur. We rely on periodic significant updates to our source code to encourage our customers to access our source code through us on a paying or, for qualified users, non-paying, basis. However, we cannot assure you that this strategy will be effective in ensuring that users are not misusing or accessing our source code on an authorized basis.Our ability to acquire and maintain licenses to intellectual property may affect our revenue and profitability. These licenses may become more expensive and increase our costs.While most of the intellectual property we use is created by us, we have also acquired rights to proprietary intellectual property that provide key features and functionality in our solutions. We have also obtained rights to use intellectual property through licenses and service agreements with third parties.Proprietary licenses typically limit our use of intellectual property to specific uses and for specific time periods. If we are unable to maintain these licenses or obtain additional licenses on reasonable economic terms or with significant commercial value, our revenue and profitability may be adversely impacted. These licenses may become more expensive and increase the advances, guarantees and royalties that we may pay to the licensor, which could significantly increase our costs and adversely affect our profitability.We are and may in the future become subject to intellectual property disputes, which are costly and may subject us to significant liability and increased costs of doing business.We have previously been named as a potential indemnitor in a claim alleging infringing use of our software. Defending this and future claims can be expensive and impose a significant burden on management and employees, and we may receive unfavorable preliminary, interim, or final rulings in the course of litigation, which could seriously harm our business. 41Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.We may in the future become subject to additional intellectual property disputes, and may become subject to liability as a result of these disputes. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to develop and commercialize our solutions without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property rights of third parties. However, there is no assurance that our technologies, products, services or platform will not be found to infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of third parties. Lawsuits are time-consuming and expensive to resolve and they divert management’s time and attention. Companies in the internet, technology and gaming industries own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks, domain names and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement, misappropriation or other violations of intellectual property or other rights. As we face increasing competition and gain a higher profile, the possibility of intellectual property rights and other claims against us grows. Our technologies may not be able to withstand any third-party claims against their use. In addition, many companies have the capability to dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce their intellectual property rights and to defend claims that may be brought against them. We have a number of issued patents. We have filed a number of additional U.S. and foreign patent applications but they may not issue. Any litigation may also involve patent holding companies or other adverse patent owners that have no relevant product revenue, and therefore, our patents and patent applications may provide little or no deterrence as we would not be able to assert them against such entities or individuals. If a third party is able to obtain an injunction preventing us from accessing such third-party intellectual property rights, or if we cannot license or develop alternative technology for any infringing aspect of our business, we would be forced to limit or stop sales of our solutions or cease business activities related to such intellectual property. In addition, we may need to settle litigation and disputes on terms that are unfavorable to us. Although we carry general liability insurance and patent infringement insurance, our insurance may not cover potential claims of this type or may not be adequate to indemnify us for all liability that may be imposed. We cannot predict the outcome of lawsuits and cannot ensure that the results of any such actions will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Any intellectual property claim asserted against us, or for which we are required to provide indemnification, may require us to do one or more of the following:•cease selling or using products that incorporate the intellectual property rights that we allegedly infringe, misappropriate or violate;•make substantial payments for legal fees, settlement payments or other costs or damages;•obtain a license, which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all, to sell or use the relevant technology; or•redesign or rebrand the allegedly infringing products to avoid infringement, misappropriation or violation, which could be costly, time-consuming or impossible.Even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and harm our business and operating results. Moreover, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. We expect that the occurrence of infringement claims is likely to grow as the market for our solutions grow. Accordingly, our exposure to damages resulting from infringement claims could increase, and this could further exhaust our financial and management resources.42Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.We use open source software in our products, which could negatively affect our ability to sell our services or subject us to litigation or other actions.We use open source software in our products, and we expect to continue to incorporate open source software in our services in the future. Few of the licenses applicable to open source software have been interpreted by courts, and there is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a manner that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products. Moreover, we cannot ensure that we have not incorporated additional open source software in our software in a manner that is inconsistent with the terms of the applicable license or our current policies and procedures. Depending on the terms of certain of these licenses, we may be subject to certain requirements, including that we make source code available for modifications or derivative works we create based upon, incorporating or using the open source software and that we license such modifications or derivative works under the terms of applicable open source licenses. If an author or other third party that distributes such open source software were to allege that we had not complied with the conditions of one or more of these licenses, we could be required to incur significant legal expenses defending against such allegations and could be subject to significant damages, enjoined from the sale of our products that contained the open source software and required to comply with onerous conditions or restrictions on these products, which could disrupt the distribution and sale of these products. From time to time, there have been claims challenging the ownership rights in open source software against companies that incorporate it into their products, and the licensors of such open source software provide no warranties or indemnities with respect to such claims. As a result, we and our customers could be subject to lawsuits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software. Litigation could be costly for us to defend, have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, or require us to devote additional research and development resources to change our products. In addition, although we employ open source software license screening measures, if we were to combine our proprietary software products with certain open source software in a particular manner we could, under certain open source licenses, be required to release the source code of our proprietary software products. Some open source projects have known vulnerabilities and architectural instabilities and are provided on an “as-is” basis which, if not properly addressed, could negatively affect the performance of our product. If we inappropriately use or incorporate open source software subject to certain types of open source licenses that challenge the proprietary nature of our products, we may be required to re-engineer such products, discontinue the sale of such products or take other remedial actions.Risks Related to our Management, Brand, and CultureWe rely on the performance of highly skilled personnel, including our management and other key employees, and the loss of one or more of such personnel, or of a significant number of our employees, or the inability to attract and retain executives and employees we need to support our operations and growth, could harm our business.Our success and future growth depend upon the continued services of our management team and other key employees. In particular, our President and Chief Executive Officer, John Riccitiello, is critical to our overall management, as well as the continued development of our platform, our culture and our strategic direction. From time to time, there may be changes in our management team resulting from the hiring or departure of executives and key employees, which could disrupt our business. We also are dependent on the continued service of our existing software engineers because of the complexity of our solutions. Our senior management and key employees are employed on an at-will basis. We may terminate any employee’s employment at any time, with or without cause, and any employee may resign at any time, with or without cause. The loss of one or more members of our senior management, especially Mr. Riccitiello, or key employees could harm our business, and we may not be able to find adequate replacements. We cannot ensure that we will be able to retain the services of any members of our senior management or key employees.43Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.In addition, to execute our growth plan, we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. We have had difficulty quickly filling certain open positions in the past, and we expect to have significant future hiring needs. Competition is intense, particularly in the San Francisco Bay Area and other areas in which we have offices, for engineers experienced in designing and developing cloud-based platform products, data scientists with experience in machine learning and artificial intelligence and experienced sales professionals. In order to continue to access top talent, we will likely continue to grow our footprint of office locations, which may add to the complexity and costs of our business operations. From time to time, we have experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining employees with appropriate qualifications. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we have. If we hire employees from competitors or other companies, their former employers may attempt to assert that these employees or we have breached their legal obligations, resulting in a diversion of our time and resources. In addition, prospective and existing employees often consider the value of the equity awards they receive in connection with their employment. If the perceived value of our equity awards declines, experiences significant volatility or increases such that prospective employees believe there is limited upside to the value of our equity awards, it may adversely affect our ability to recruit and retain key employees. In addition, we may experience employee turnover as a result of the ongoing "great resignation" occurring throughout the U.S. economy. New hires require training and take time before they achieve full productivity. New employees may not become as productive as we expect, and we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our business and future growth prospects would be harmed.If we fail to maintain and enhance our brand, our ability to expand our customer base will be impaired and our business, financial condition, and results of operations may suffer.We believe that maintaining and enhancing our brand reputation is important to expand sales of our platform to existing customers, support the marketing and sale of our platform to new customers, convert free creators to customers and grow our strategic partnerships. We also believe that the importance of brand recognition will increase as competition in our market increases. Successfully maintaining and enhancing our brand will depend largely on the effectiveness of our marketing efforts, our ability to offer a reliable platform that continues to meet the needs and preferences of our customers at competitive prices, our ability to maintain our customers’ trust, our ability to continue to develop new functionality to address a wide variety of use cases and our ability to successfully differentiate our platform from competitors. Our brand promotion activities may not generate customer awareness or yield increased revenue, and even if they do, any increased revenue may not offset the expenses we incur in building our brand. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brand, our business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer.Our culture emphasizes innovation, and if we cannot maintain this culture as we grow, our business could be harmed.We have a culture that encourages employees to develop and launch new and innovative solutions, which we believe is essential to attracting customers and partners and serving the best, long-term interests of our company. As our business grows and becomes more complex, it may become more difficult to maintain this cultural emphasis. Any failure to preserve our culture could negatively affect our ability to retain and recruit personnel, which is critical to our growth, and to effectively focus on and pursue our strategies. If we fail to maintain our company culture, our business and competitive position may be harmed.44Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Risks Related to Laws, Regulations, and the Global EconomyWe are subject to rapidly changing and increasingly stringent laws, contractual obligations, and industry standards relating to privacy, data security, and the protection of children. The restrictions and costs imposed by these requirements, or our actual or perceived failure to comply with them, could harm our business.Our products, and particularly our Operate Solutions, rely on our ability to process sensitive, proprietary, confidential, and regulated information, including personal information, trade secrets, intellectual property, and business information, that belongs to us or that we handle on behalf of others such as our customers. These activities are regulated by a variety of federal, state, local, and foreign privacy and data security laws and regulations, which have become increasingly stringent in recent years and continue to evolve. Any actual or perceived non-compliance could result in litigation and proceedings against us by governmental entities, customers, individuals or others; fines and civil or criminal penalties for us or company officials; obligations to cease offerings or to substantially modify our Operate Solutions in ways that make them less effective in certain jurisdictions; negative publicity and harm to our brand and reputation; and reduced overall demand for our platform or reduced returns on our Operate Solutions.Internationally, most jurisdictions in which we or our customers operate have adopted privacy and data security laws. For example, the European Union's ("EU") General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 ("GDPR") applies to the European Economic Area ("EEA") and, in substantially equivalent form, to UK establishments and UK-focused processing operations (“UK GDPR”). European data protection laws, including EU GDPR, UK GDPR, and others, impose significant and complex burdens on processing personal information and provide for robust regulatory enforcement and significant penalties for noncompliance. For example, companies that violate the GDPR can face private litigation, bans on data processing and fines of up to the greater of 20 million Euros or 4% of their worldwide annual revenue.Regulators, courts, and platforms have increasingly interpreted the GDPR and other data protection laws as requiring affirmative opt-in consent to use cookies and similar technologies for personalization, advertising, or analytics. A new regulation that has been proposed in the European Union, known as the ePrivacy Regulation, may further restrict the use of cookies and other online tracking technologies on which our products rely, as well as increase restrictions on online direct marketing. Such restrictions could increase our exposure to regulatory enforcement action, increase our compliance costs, and adversely affect our Operate Solutions business.Globally, certain jurisdictions have enacted data localization laws and have imposed requirements for cross-border transfers of personal information. For example, the cross-border transfer landscape in Europe is currently unstable and other countries outside of Europe have enacted or are considering enacting cross-border data transfer restrictions and laws requiring data residency. For example, the GDPR and other European data protection laws also generally prohibit the transfer of personal information to countries outside the EEA, such as the United States, which are not considered by the European Commission to provide an adequate level of data protection. In addition, Swiss and UK law contain similar data transfer restrictions as the GDPR. The European Commission recently released guidance on Standard Contractual Clauses, a mechanism to transfer data outside of the EEA, which imposes additional obligations to carry out cross-border data transfers. Although there are currently valid mechanisms available to transfer data from these jurisdictions, there remains some uncertainty regarding the future of these cross-border data transfers. Countries outside of Europe have enacted or are considering similar cross-border data transfer restrictions and laws requiring local data residency and restricting cross-border data transfer, which could increase the cost and complexity of doing business. If we cannot implement a valid mechanism for cross-border personal information transfers, we may face increased exposure to regulatory actions, penalties, and data processing restrictions or bans, and reduce demand for our services. Loss of our ability to import personal information from Europe and elsewhere may also require us to increase our data processing capabilities outside the U.S. at significant expense.45Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Additionally, in August 2021, China adopted the Personal Information Protection Law ("PIPL"), which takes effect on November 1, 2021. The PIPL introduces a legal framework similar to the GDPR and is viewed as the beginning of a comprehensive system for the protection of personal information in China, although numerous aspects of the law remain uncertain and developing and the impact that PIPL will have on businesses remains uncertain.In the United States, federal, state, and local governments have enacted numerous privacy and data security laws, including data breach notification laws, personal information privacy laws, health information privacy laws, and consumer protection laws.States have begun to introduce more comprehensive privacy legislation. For example, California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") which took effect on January 1, 2020 and imposes several obligations on covered businesses, including requiring specific disclosures related to a business’s collection, use, and sharing of personal information, new operational practices, and requirements to respond to requests from California residents related to their personal information. The CCPA contains significant potential penalties for noncompliance (up to $7,500 per violation). Additionally, it is anticipated that privacy requirements under California law will become more restrictive under the newly adopted California Privacy Rights Act ("CPRA"), which is set to become effective in January 2023 and which is expected to increase the risk of enforcement actions. Other states are considering or have also enacted privacy and data security laws. For example, Virginia and Colorado have similarly enacted such comprehensive laws, the Consumer Data Protection Act and Colorado Privacy Act, respectively, both of which differ from the CCPA and become effective in 2023.There is also increasing focus at the state and federal level on use of sensitive categories of data that Unity may be deemed to collect from time to time. For example, several states and localities have enacted statutes banning or restricting the collection of biometric information. Some of our products employ technology to help creators build augmented and virtual reality applications, and their use to recognize and collect information about individuals could be perceived as subject to these biometric privacy laws. Although we have endeavored to comply with these laws, the collection of biometric information has increasingly been subject to litigation.There are emerging cases applying existing privacy and data security laws in the U.S., such as the federal and state wiretapping laws in novel and potentially impactful ways that may affect our ability to offer certain products. The outcome of these cases could cause us to make changes to our products to avoid costly litigation, government enforcement actions, damages, and penalties under these laws, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and our financial condition.Another area of increasing focus by regulators is children's privacy. Enforcement of longstanding privacy laws, such as the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"), has increased and that trend is expected to continue under the new generation of privacy and data security laws, such as the GDPR, CCPA, and CPRA. For example, the U.K.'s Information Commissioner's Office recently enacted the Age Appropriate Design Code ("Children’s Code"), which imposes various obligations relating to the processing of children’s data. We have previously been subject to claims related to the privacy of minors predicated on COPPA and other privacy and data security laws, and we may in the future face claims under COPPA, the GDPR, the Children's Code, the CCPA, the CPRA, or other laws relating to children’s privacy.46Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Apart from the requirements of privacy and data security laws, we have obligations relating to privacy and data security under our published policies and documentation, contracts and applicable industry standards. Although we endeavor to comply with these obligations, we may have failed to do so in the past and may be subject to allegations that we have failed to do so or have otherwise processed data improperly. For example, in 2019, we became aware of a research paper alleging that our software, including an older version of the Unity Editor, was inappropriately configured to collect hardware-based persistent identifiers, or MAC addresses. Although we did not use this information to measure behavior or track individuals as alleged by the researchers and we have disabled the configuration described in the paper, we could be subject to enforcement action or litigation alleging that this instance or our other data processing practices violate our contractual obligations, policies, federal or state laws prohibiting unfair or deceptive business practices, or other privacy laws.In response to the increasing restrictions of global privacy and data security laws, our customers have sought and may continue to seek increasingly stringent contractual assurances regarding our handling of personal information, and may adopt internal policies that limit their use of our Operate Solutions. In addition, privacy advocates and industry groups have regularly proposed, and may propose in the future, self-regulatory standards by which we are legally or contractually bound. If we fail to comply with these contractual obligations or standards, we may face substantial contractual liability or fines.As also described in "Risk Factors—Operating system platform providers or application stores may change terms of service, policies or technical requirements to require us or our customers to change data collection and privacy and data security practices, business models, operations, practices, advertising activities or application content, which could adversely impact our business," the requirements imposed by rapidly changing privacy and data security laws, platform providers, and application stores requires us to dedicate significant resources to compliance, and could also limit our ability to operate, harm our reputation, reduce demand for our products, and subject us to regulatory enforcement action (including fines, investigations, audits, or bans on processing personal information), private litigation, and other liability. Such occurrences could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.Companies and governmental agencies may restrict access to platforms, our website, mobile applications, application stores or the Internet generally, which could lead to the loss or slower growth of our customers’ end users and negatively impact our operations.Governmental agencies in any of the countries in which we, our customers or end users are located, such as China, could block access to or require a license for our platform, our website, mobile applications, operating system platforms, application stores or the Internet generally for a number of reasons, including security, confidentiality or regulatory concerns. End users generally need to access the Internet, including in geographically diverse areas, and also platforms such as the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store, to play games created or operated using our platform. In addition, companies may adopt policies that prohibit employees from accessing our platform or the platforms that end users need in order to play games created or operated using our platform. If companies or governmental entities block, limit or otherwise restrict customers from accessing our platform, or end users from playing games developed or operated on our platform, our business could be negatively impacted, our customers’ end users could decline or grow more slowly, and our results of operations could be adversely affected.Further, some countries may block data transfers as a result of businesses collecting data within a country’s borders as part of broader privacy-related concerns, which could affect our business. For example, the Indian government recently blocked the distribution of several applications of Chinese origin in the interest of sovereignty and integrity of India, defense of India, and security of the Indian state. In undertaking this action, the Indian government partially blocked some of Unity’s services. We contacted the government requesting more information and to explain our business operations, including the accurate location of data processing, and they have unblocked our services. If other countries block our data transfers or services or take similar action against us, our customers, our services, and our business could be harmed.47Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Adverse changes in the geopolitical relationship between the United States and China or changes in China's economic and regulatory landscape could have an adverse effect on business conditions.Because our continued business operations in China constitute a significant part of our current and future revenue growth plans, adverse changes in economic and political policies relating to China could have an adverse effect on our business. An escalation of recent trade tensions between the U.S. and China has resulted in trade restrictions that harm our ability to participate in Chinese markets. For example, U.S. export control regulations relating to China have created restrictions with respect to the sale of our products to various Chinese customers and further changes to regulations could result in additional restrictions. Sustained uncertainty about, or worsening of, current global economic conditions and further escalation of trade tensions between the U.S. and its trading partners, especially China, could result in a global economic slowdown and long-term changes to global trade, including retaliatory trade restrictions that further restrict our ability to operate in China.The Chinese economic, legal and political landscape also differs from many developed countries in many respects, including the level of government involvement and regulation, control of foreign exchange and allocation of resources, uncertainty regarding the enforceability and scope of protection for intellectual property rights, a relatively uncertain legal system, and instability related to economic, political and social reform. The laws, regulations and legal requirements in China are also subject to frequent changes. Any actions and policies adopted by the government of the People’s Republic of China ("PRC"), particularly with regard to intellectual property rights and existing cloud-based and Internet restrictions for non-Chinese businesses, or any prolonged slowdown in China’s economy, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.In particular, PRC laws and regulations impose restrictions on foreign ownership of companies that engage in internet, market survey, cloud-based services and other related businesses from time to time. Specifically, foreign ownership of an internet content provider may not exceed 50% and the primary foreign investor of such provider must have a record of good performance and operating experience in managing internet content service. Accordingly, our ability to offer cloud-based services in China depends on our ability to implement and maintain structures that are acceptable under PRC laws. If any structure that we have implemented or may in the future implement is determined to be illegal or invalid, the relevant governmental authorities would have broad discretion in dealing with such violation, including revoking our business and operating licenses, requiring us to discontinue or restrict operations, restricting our rights to collect revenue, confiscating our income, requiring us to restructure our ownership structure or operations, imposing additional conditions or requirements with which we may not be able to comply or levying fines. Additionally, the structure that we have implemented or may in the future implement may not be as effective as direct ownership, and we may not be able to enforce our rights to exercise control over our business operation in China. Any of the foregoing could cause significant disruption to our business operations and may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results.48Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.We are subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, and similar laws, and non-compliance with such laws can subject us to criminal or civil liability and harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.We are subject to the FCPA, U.S. domestic bribery laws, the UK Bribery Act and other anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws in the countries in which we conduct activities. Anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws have been enforced aggressively in recent years and are interpreted broadly to generally prohibit companies, their employees and their third-party intermediaries from authorizing, offering or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or benefits to recipients in the public or private sector. As we increase our global sales and business to the public sector and further develop our reseller channel, we may engage with business partners and third-party intermediaries to market our solutions and obtain necessary permits, licenses and other regulatory approvals. In addition, we or our third-party intermediaries may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of these third-party intermediaries, our employees, representatives, contractors, partners and agents, even if we do not authorize such activities.While we have policies and procedures to address compliance with such laws, we cannot assure you that none of our employees and agents will take actions in violation of our policies and applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held responsible. As we increase our global sales and business, our risks under these laws may increase.Detecting, investigating and resolving actual or alleged violations of anti-corruption laws can require a significant diversion of time, resources and attention from senior management. In addition, noncompliance with anti-corruption, anti-bribery or anti-money laundering laws could subject us to whistleblower complaints, investigations, sanctions, settlements, prosecution, enforcement actions, fines, damages, other civil or criminal penalties or injunctions, suspension or debarment from contracting with certain persons, reputational harm, adverse media coverage and other collateral consequences. If any subpoenas or investigations are launched, or governmental or other sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal proceeding, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. In addition, responding to any action will likely result in a materially significant diversion of management’s attention and resources and significant defense costs and other professional fees.We are subject to governmental export and import controls and economic sanctions laws that could impair our ability to compete in global markets or subject us to liability if we violate the controls.Our platform is subject to U.S. export controls. Our products and the underlying technology may be exported outside of the United States only with the required export authorizations, including by license, a license exception, or other appropriate government authorizations, including the filing of an encryption classification request or self-classification report, as applicable.Furthermore, our activities are subject to U.S. economic sanctions laws and regulations administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), that prohibit the shipment of most solutions to embargoed jurisdictions or sanctioned parties without the required export authorizations. Obtaining the necessary export license or other authorization for a particular sale may be time-consuming and may result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities.49Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Although we have taken precautions to prevent our platform from being provided, deployed or used in violation of export control and sanctions laws, and have enhanced our policies and procedures relating to export control and sanctions compliance, we have inadvertently provided products and services in the past to some customers in apparent violation of U.S. export control and economic sanctions laws. In August 2020, we submitted to OFAC and to the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Bureau of Industry and Security ("BIS") initial notifications of voluntary self-disclosure concerning these apparent violations. In February 2021, we submitted to OFAC and BIS final notifications of voluntary self-disclosure concerning the same. In April 2021, OFAC closed out the voluntary self-disclosure and issued a cautionary letter, with no imposition of monetary fines or penalties. In June 2021, after submission of a supplemental disclosure to BIS regarding additional apparent export control violations that were uncovered, BIS also closed out the voluntary self-disclosure and issued a warning letter, with no imposition of monetary fines or penalties. We cannot assure you that our policies and procedures relating to export control and sanctions compliance will prevent violations in the future. If we are found to be in violation of U.S. sanctions or export control regulations, it can result in significant fines or penalties and possible incarceration for responsible employees and managers, as well as reputational harm and loss of business.If we or our resellers fail to obtain appropriate import, export, or re-export licenses or permits, we may also be adversely affected through reputational harm, as well as other negative consequences, including government investigations and penalties.Also, various countries, in addition to the United States, regulate the import and export of certain encryption and other technology, including import and export licensing requirements, and have enacted laws that could limit our ability to distribute our products or could limit our customers’ ability to implement our products in those countries. Changes in our products or future changes in export and import regulations may create delays in the introduction of our platform in global markets, prevent our customers with global operations from deploying our platform globally or, in some cases, prevent the export or import of our products to certain countries, governments or persons altogether. From time to time, various governmental agencies have proposed additional regulation of encryption technology.Our customers outside of the United States generated approximately 76%, 74%, and 72% of our revenue for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively, and our growth strategy includes further expanding our operations and customer base across all major global markets. However, any change in export or import regulations, economic sanctions or related legislation, increased export and import controls, or change in the countries, governments, persons or technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of our platform by, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our products to, existing or potential customers with global operations. Any decreased use of our platform or limitation on our ability to export or sell our products in major global markets would adversely affect our business, results of operations, and growth prospects.Sales to government entities and highly regulated organizations are subject to a number of challenges and risks.We sell our Create Solutions and Operate Solutions to U.S. federal, state, and local, as well as foreign, governmental agency customers, as well as to customers in highly regulated industries. Sales to such entities are subject to a number of challenges and risks. Selling to such entities can be highly competitive, expensive and time-consuming, often requiring significant upfront time and expense without any assurance that these efforts will generate a sale. Government contracting requirements may change and in doing so restrict our ability to sell into the government sector until we have attained the revised certification. Government demand and payment for solutions are affected by public sector budgetary cycles and funding authorizations and funding reductions or delays may adversely affect public sector demand that could develop for our solutions.50Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Further, governmental and highly regulated entities may demand or require contract terms and product and solution features or certifications that differ from our standard arrangements and are less favorable or more difficult to maintain than terms that we negotiate with private sector customers or otherwise make available. Such entities may have statutory, contractual or other legal rights to terminate contracts with us or our partners for convenience or for other reasons. Any such termination may adversely affect our ability to provide our platform to other government customers and could adversely impact our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations.We could be required to collect additional sales, value added or similar taxes or be subject to other tax liabilities that may increase the costs our clients would have to pay for our solutions and adversely affect our results of operations.We collect sales, value added or similar indirect taxes in a number of jurisdictions. An increasing number of states have considered or adopted laws that attempt to impose sales tax collection obligations on out-of-state companies. Additionally, the Supreme Court of the United States ruled in South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc. et al ("Wayfair") that online sellers can be required to collect sales and use tax despite not having a physical presence in the buyer’s state. In response to Wayfair, or otherwise, states or local governments may adopt, or begin to enforce, laws requiring us to calculate, collect, and remit taxes on sales in their jurisdictions. Similarly, many foreign jurisdictions have considered or adopted laws that impose value added, digital service, or similar taxes, on companies despite not having a physical presence in the foreign jurisdiction. A successful assertion by one or more states, or foreign jurisdictions, requiring us to collect taxes where we presently do not do so, or to collect more taxes in a jurisdiction in which we currently do collect some taxes, could result in substantial tax liabilities, including taxes on past sales, as well as penalties and interest. The requirement to collect sales, value added or similar indirect taxes by foreign, state or local governments for sellers that do not have a physical presence in the jurisdiction could also create additional administrative burdens for us, put us at a competitive disadvantage if they do not impose similar obligations on our competitors, and decrease our future sales, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We continually monitor the evolving tax requirements in the jurisdictions in which we operate and those jurisdictions where our customers reside.Our ability to use our net operating losses, credits, and certain other tax attributes to offset future taxable income or taxes may be subject to certain limitations.As of December 31, 2021, we had net operating loss ("NOL") carryforwards for U.S. federal, state, and foreign purposes of $1.0 billion, $392.2 million, and $449.8 million, respectively, which may be available to offset taxable income in the future, and portions of which expire in various years beginning in 2024. A lack of future taxable income would adversely affect our ability to utilize a portion of these NOLs before they expire. Under the current law, federal NOLs incurred in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such federal NOLs is limited to 80% of taxable income.  In addition, under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, a corporation that undergoes an “ownership change” (as defined under Section 382 of the Code and applicable Treasury Regulations) is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change NOL carryforwards and certain other tax attributes to offset post-change taxable income or taxes.  We may experience future ownership changes that could affect our ability to utilize our NOL carryforwards to offset our income. Furthermore, our ability to utilize NOL carryforwards of companies that we have acquired or may acquire in the future may be subject to limitations. In addition, at the state level, there may be periods during which the use of NOL carryforwards is suspended or otherwise limited, which could accelerate or permanently increase state taxes owed. For example, the state of California has suspended the utilization of NOLs and limited the utilization of research credits to $5.0 million annually for 2020, 2021, and 2022. For these reasons, we may not be able to utilize all of the NOLs, even if we attain profitability, which could potentially result in increased future tax liability to us and could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.51Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Any legal proceedings, claims against us, or other disputes could be costly and time-consuming to defend and could harm our reputation regardless of the outcome.We are and may in the future become subject to legal proceedings and claims that arise from time to time, such as claims brought by our customers in connection with commercial disputes or employment claims made by our current or former employees. We were previously involved in two related putative class-action lawsuits brought by end users of games that include our software and include allegations related to violations of privacy laws, which we ultimately settled. We were also previously involved in a lease dispute with a San Francisco landlord, which we ultimately settled. In addition, in June 2019, a former senior-level employee brought a lawsuit against us in the San Francisco County Superior Court alleging claims arising under California law for retaliation, termination in violation of the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, failure to prevent discrimination and retaliation, wrongful termination, defamation, and slander. This lawsuit included allegations related to alleged actions by our CEO, John Riccitiello. These allegations were reported in the media. We filed an answer denying every allegation of unlawful conduct made in the complaint and a motion to compel arbitration. The court granted our motion to compel arbitration.Any litigation or dispute, whether meritorious or not, could harm our reputation, will increase our costs and may divert management’s attention, time and resources, which may in turn harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Insurance might not cover such claims, might not provide sufficient payments to cover all the costs to resolve one or more such claims, and might not continue to be available on terms acceptable to us. A claim brought against us that is uninsured or underinsured could result in unanticipated costs, potentially harming our business, financial position and results of operations.We are subject to laws and regulations worldwide, many of which are unsettled and still developing and which could increase our costs or adversely affect our business.We are subject to a variety of laws in the United States and abroad that affect our business, including state and federal laws regarding consumer protection, advertising, electronic marketing, protection of minors, data protection and privacy, data localization requirements, online services, anti-competition, labor, real estate, taxation, intellectual property ownership and infringement, export and national security, tariffs, anti-corruption and telecommunications, all of which are continuously evolving and developing. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly laws outside the United States, and compliance with laws, regulations and similar requirements may be burdensome and expensive. Laws and regulations may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, which may increase the cost of compliance and doing business. Any such costs, which may rise in the future as a result of changes in these laws and regulations or in their interpretation, could make our platform less attractive to our customers or cause us to change or limit our ability to sell our platform. We have policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but we cannot assure you that our employees, contractors or agents will not violate such laws and regulations or our policies and procedures.52Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.In particular, as a result of our Operate Solutions, we are potentially subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and regulations that affect the offering of certain types of content, such as that which depicts violence, many of which are ambiguous, still evolving and could be interpreted in ways that could harm our business or expose us to liability. In addition, there are ongoing academic, political and regulatory discussions in the United States, Europe, Australia and other jurisdictions regarding whether certain game mechanisms, such as loot boxes, and game genres, such as social casino, rewarded gaming and gambling, should be subject to a higher level or different type of regulation than other game genres or mechanics to protect consumers, in particular minors and persons susceptible to addiction, and, if so, what such regulation should include. New regulation by the U.S. federal government and its agencies, such as the FTC, U.S. states and state agencies or foreign jurisdictions, which may vary significantly across jurisdictions, could require that certain game content be modified or removed from games, increase the costs of operating our customer’s games, impact player engagement and thus the functionality and effectiveness of our Operate Solutions or otherwise harm our business performance. It is difficult to predict how existing or new laws may be applied. If we become liable, directly or indirectly, under these laws or regulations, we could be harmed, and we may be forced to implement new measures to reduce our exposure to this liability. This may require us to expend substantial resources or to modify our Operate Solutions, which would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the increased attention focused upon liability issues as a result of lawsuits and legislative proposals could harm our reputation or otherwise impact the growth of our business. Any costs incurred as a result of this potential liability could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations.It is possible that a number of laws and regulations may be adopted or construed to apply to us or our customers in the United States and elsewhere that could restrict the online and mobile industries, including player privacy, advertising, taxation, content suitability, copyright, distribution and antitrust, and our solutions or components thereof may be deemed or perceived illegal or unfair practices. Furthermore, the growth and development of electronic commerce and virtual items may prompt calls for more stringent consumer protection laws that may impose additional burdens on companies such as us and our customers conducting business through the Internet and mobile devices. We anticipate that scrutiny and regulation of our industry will increase and we will be required to devote legal and other resources to addressing such regulation. For example, existing laws or new laws regarding the marketing or the use of in-app purchases or such enabling technology, labeling of free-to-play games or regulation of currency, banking institutions, unclaimed property or money transmission may be interpreted to cover games made with our solutions and the revenue that we receive from our Operate Solutions. If that were to occur, we may be required to seek licenses, authorizations or approvals from relevant regulators, the granting of which may be dependent on us meeting certain capital and other requirements and we may be subject to additional regulation and oversight, all of which could significantly increase our operating costs. Changes in current laws or regulations or the imposition of new laws and regulations in the United States or elsewhere regarding these activities may lessen the growth of mobile gaming and impair our business, financial condition or results of operations.53Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Risks Related to our Convertible NotesServicing our debt requires a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our substantial debt.Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on or to refinance our indebtedness, including the $1.7 billion aggregate principal amount of 0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the "2026 Notes") that we issued in November 2021, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. If the assumptions underlying our cash flow guidance are incorrect, for example, due to the unknown impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, our business may not continue to generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to service our debt, including the 2026 Notes, and make necessary capital expenditures. If we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets, restructuring debt or issuing additional equity, equity-linked or debt instruments on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. If we are unable to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, we may be unable to meet our debt obligations, including the 2026 Notes, which would materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results.Conversion of the 2026 Notes may dilute the ownership interest of our stockholders or may otherwise depress the price of our common stock.The conversion of some or all of the 2026 Notes may dilute the ownership interests of our stockholders. Upon conversion of the 2026 Notes, we have the option to pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of our common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock. If we elect to settle our conversion obligation in shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, any sales in the public market of our common stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the 2026 Notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of the 2026 Notes could be used to satisfy short positions, or anticipated conversion of the 2026 Notes into shares of our common stock could depress the price of our common stock.The conditional conversion feature of the 2026 Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.In the event the conditional conversion feature of the 2026 Notes is triggered, holders of the 2026 Notes will be entitled under indenture governing the 2026 Notes to convert their notes at any time during specified periods at their option. If one or more holders elect to convert their 2026 Notes, unless we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering solely shares of our common stock (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we would be required to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligation through the payment of cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. As of December 31, 2021, the 2026 Notes are not convertible at the option of the holder. In addition, even if holders do not elect to convert their 2026 Notes, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the 2026 Notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital.The accounting method for convertible debt securities that may be settled in cash, such as the 2026 Notes, could have a material effect on our reported financial results.Under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20, Debt with Conversion and Other Options ("ASC 470-20"), an entity must separately account for the liability and equity components of convertible debt instruments (such as the 2026 Notes) that may be settled entirely or partially in cash upon conversion in a manner that reflects the issuer’s economic interest cost. The effect of ASC 470-20 on the accounting for the 2026 Notes is that the equity component would be required to be included in the additional paid-in capital section of stockholders’ equity on our consolidated balance sheet at issuance, and the value of the equity component would be treated as a discount for purposes of accounting for the debt component of the 2026 Notes.54Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.In addition, under certain circumstances, convertible debt instruments (such as the 2026 Notes) that may be settled entirely or partly in cash may be accounted for utilizing the treasury stock method for earnings per share purposes, the effect of which is that the shares issuable upon conversion of the 2026 Notes are not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share except to the extent that the conversion value of the notes exceeds their principal amount.However, in August 2020, the FASB published an accounting standards update ("ASU") 2020-06 ("ASU 2020-06"), which amends these accounting standards by reducing the number of accounting models for convertible instruments and limiting instances of separate accounting for the debt and equity or a derivative component of the convertible debt instruments. ASU 2020-06 also will no longer allow the use of the treasury stock method for convertible instruments and instead require application of the “if-converted” method. Under that method, diluted earnings per share will generally be calculated assuming that all the 2026 Notes were converted solely into shares of common stock at the beginning of the reporting period, unless the result would be anti-dilutive, which could adversely affect our diluted earnings per share. However, if the principal amount of the convertible debt instrument being converted is required to be paid in cash and only the excess is permitted to be settled in shares, the if-converted method will produce a similar result as the treasury stock method prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06 for such convertible debt instrument. These amendments will be effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, with early adoption permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020. We early adopted ASU 2020-06 for the current fiscal year and as such we do not expect to bifurcate the equity and debt components of the notes on our balance sheet.The capped call transactions may affect the value of the 2026 Notes and our common stock.In connection with the pricing of the 2026 Notes and the exercise by the initial purchasers of their option to purchase additional 2026 Notes, we entered into capped call transactions (the "Capped Call Transactions") with certain of the initial purchasers of the 2026 Notes or affiliates thereof and other financial institutions (the "option counterparties"). The Capped Call Transactions cover, subject to customary adjustments, the number of shares of our common stock initially underlying the 2026 Notes. The Capped Call Transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution to our common stock upon any conversion of 2026 Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted 2026 Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. In connection with establishing their initial hedges of the Capped Call Transactions, the counterparties or their respective affiliates likely entered into various derivative transactions with respect to our common stock and/or purchased shares of our common stock concurrently with or shortly after the pricing of the 2026 Notes, including with certain investors in the 2026 Notes. The counterparties and/or or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions prior to the maturity of the 2026 Notes (and are likely to do so on each exercise date of the Capped Call Transactions or, to the extent we exercise the relevant election under the Capped Call Transactions, following any repurchase, redemption or conversion of the 2026 Notes). We cannot make any prediction as to the direction or magnitude of any potential effect that the transactions described above may have on the prices of the 2026 Notes or the shares of our common stock. Any of these activities could adversely affect the value of the 2026 Notes and our common stock.55Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the capped call transactions.The option counterparties are financial institutions, and we will be subject to the risk that any or all of them might default under the Capped Call Transactions. Our exposure to the credit risk of the option counterparties will not be secured by any collateral. If an option counterparty becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at that time under the Capped Call Transaction with such option counterparty. Our exposure will depend on many factors but, generally, an increase in our exposure will be correlated to an increase in the market price and in the volatility of our common stock. In addition, upon a default by an option counterparty, we may suffer more dilution than we currently anticipate with respect to our common stock. We can provide no assurances as to the financial stability or viability of the option counterparties.Certain provisions in the indenture governing the 2026 Notes may delay or prevent an otherwise beneficial takeover attempt of us.Certain provisions in the indenture governing the 2026 Notes may make it more difficult or expensive for a third party to acquire us. For example, the indenture governing the 2026 Notes will require us, except as described in the indenture, to repurchase the notes for cash upon the occurrence of a "fundamental change" (as defined in the indenture) and, in certain circumstances, to increase the conversion rate for a holder that converts its 2026 Notes in connection with a "make-whole fundamental change" (as defined in the indenture). A takeover of us may trigger the requirement that we repurchase the 2026 Notes and/or increase the conversion rate, which could make it costlier for a potential acquirer to engage in such takeover. Such additional costs may have the effect of delaying or preventing a takeover of us that would otherwise be beneficial to investors.Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common StockOur stock price has been and may continue to be volatile, and the value of our common stock may decline.The market price of our common stock has been and may continue to be highly volatile and may fluctuate or decline substantially as a result of a variety of factors, some of which are beyond our control, including:•actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition or results of operations;•variance in our financial performance from expectations of securities analysts;•changes in the pricing of the solutions on our platform;•changes in our projected operating and financial results;•changes in laws or regulations applicable to our platform;•announcements by us or our competitors of significant business developments, acquisitions or new offerings;•sales of shares of our common stock by us or our stockholders;•sales of securities convertible into shares of our capital stock by us;•significant data breaches, disruptions to or other incidents involving our platform;•our involvement in litigation;•conditions or developments affecting the gaming industry;•changes in senior management or key personnel;•the trading volume of our common stock;•changes in the anticipated future size and growth rate of our market;•general economic and market conditions; and56Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.•other events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism, global pandemics, or responses to these events.Broad market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political, regulatory and market conditions, may also negatively impact the market price of our common stock. In addition, technology stocks have historically experienced high levels of volatility. In the past, companies who have experienced volatility in the market price of their securities have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future, which could result in substantial expenses and divert our management’s attention.Future sales of our common stock in the public market could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market or the perception that these sales might occur could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We are unable to predict the timing of or the effect that future sales may have on the prevailing market price of our common stock.If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish unfavorable or inaccurate research about our business, the market price and trading volume of our common stock could decline.The market price and trading volume of our common stock may be heavily influenced by the way analysts interpret our financial information and other disclosures. We do not have control over these analysts. If few securities analysts commence coverage of us, or if industry analysts cease coverage of us, our stock price would be negatively affected. If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, downgrade our common stock, or publish negative reports about our business, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price to decline and could decrease the trading volume of our common stock.Concentration of ownership of our common stock among our existing executive officers, directors, and principal stockholders may prevent new investors from influencing significant corporate decisions.Our executive officers, directors, and current beneficial owners of 5% or more of our common stock beneficially own a significant percentage of our outstanding common stock. These persons, acting together, will be able to significantly influence all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election and removal of directors and any merger or other significant corporate transactions. The interests of this group of stockholders may not coincide with the interests of other stockholders.Our issuance of additional capital stock in connection with financings, acquisitions, investments, our equity incentive plans or otherwise will dilute all other stockholders.We expect to issue additional capital stock in the future that will result in dilution to all other stockholders. We grant and expect to continue granting equity awards to employees, directors and consultants under our equity incentive plans. We may also raise capital through the sale and issuance of equity securities or convertible securities in the future. As part of our business strategy, we may acquire or make investments in companies, products or technologies and issue equity securities to pay for any such acquisition or investment. Any such issuances of additional capital stock may cause stockholders to experience significant dilution of their ownership interests and the per share value of our common stock to decline. 57Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future and, as a result, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock.We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock, and we do not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors. Accordingly, you may need to rely on sales of our common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on your investment.We incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance with our public company responsibilities and corporate governance practices.As a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company, and which we expect to further increase now that we are no longer an “emerging growth company.” The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of the NYSE, and other applicable securities rules and regulations impose various requirements on public companies. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to compliance with these requirements. Moreover, these rules and regulations may change from time to time. Monitoring such changes, and updating our procedures to comply with any such changes, may increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. We cannot predict or estimate the totality of any such additional costs we incur as a public company or the specific timing of such costs.As a result of being a public company, we are obligated to develop and maintain proper and effective internal controls over financial reporting, and any failure to maintain the adequacy of these internal controls may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the value of our common stock.We are required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. This assessment will need to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm is required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Based on the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2021, we are no longer an emerging growth company as of December 31, 2021. As such, our independent registered public accounting firm is required to issue an attestation report on management's assessment of our internal control over financial reporting and we must adopt certain additional accounting standards. Our compliance with Section 404 requires that we incur substantial expenses and expend significant management efforts. We have hired additional accounting and financial staff with appropriate public company experience and technical accounting knowledge and have compiled the system and process documentation necessary to perform the evaluation needed to comply with Section 404.However, our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business. In addition, changes in accounting principles or interpretations could also challenge our internal controls and require that we establish new business processes, systems and controls to accommodate such changes. Additionally, if these new systems, controls or standards and the associated process changes do not give rise to the benefits that we expect or do not operate as intended, it could adversely affect our financial reporting systems and processes, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial reports or the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Moreover, our business may be harmed if we experience problems with any new systems and controls that result in delays in their implementation or increased costs to correct any post-implementation issues that may arise.58Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.During the evaluation and testing process of our internal controls, if we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we will be unable to certify that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. We cannot assure you that there will not be material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition or results of operations. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm determines we have a material weakness or significant deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets.The growth and expansion of our business places a continuous, significant strain on our operational and financial resources. Further growth of our operations to support our customer base, our IT systems and our internal controls and procedures may not be adequate to support our operations. For example, we are still in the process of implementing IT and accounting systems to help manage critical functions such as billing and financial forecasts. As we continue to grow, we may not be able to successfully implement requisite improvements to these systems, controls and processes, such as system access and change management controls, in a timely or efficient manner. Our failure to improve our systems and processes, or their failure to operate in the intended manner, whether as a result of the growth of our business or otherwise, may result in our inability to accurately forecast our revenue and expenses, or to prevent certain losses. Moreover, the failure of our systems and processes could undermine our ability to provide accurate, timely and reliable reports on our financial and operating results and could impact the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, our systems and processes may not prevent or detect all errors, omissions, or fraud.Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our common stock.Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may have the effect preventing a change of control or changes in our management. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws include provisions that:•authorize our board of directors to issue, without further action by the stockholders, shares of undesignated preferred stock with terms, rights, and preferences determined by our board of directors that may be senior to our common stock;•require that any action to be taken by our stockholders be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting and not by written consent;•specify that special meetings of our stockholders can be called only by our board of directors, the chairperson of our board of directors, our chief executive officer, or our president (in the absence of a chief executive officer);•establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting, including proposed nominations of persons for election to our board of directors;•establish that our board of directors is divided into three classes, with each class serving three-year staggered terms;•prohibit cumulative voting in the election of directors;•provide that our directors may be removed for cause only upon the vote of at least 66 2/3% of our outstanding shares of voting stock;59Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.•provide that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director; and•require the approval of our board of directors or the holders of at least 66 2/3% of our outstanding shares of voting stock to amend our bylaws and certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation.These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which generally, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with any “interested” stockholder for a period of three years following the date on which the stockholder became an “interested” stockholder. Any of the foregoing provisions could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock, and they could deter potential acquirers of our company, thereby reducing the likelihood that you would receive a premium for your shares of our common stock in an acquisition.Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States of America as the exclusive forums for certain disputes between us and our stockholders, which restricts our stockholders’ ability to choose the judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees.Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if and only if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction, any state court located within the State of Delaware or, if and only if all such state courts lack subject matter jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) is the sole and exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law: (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (ii) any action or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers, or other employees to us or our stockholders; (iii) any action or proceeding asserting a claim against us or any of our current or former directors, officers or other employees arising out of or pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws; (iv) any action or proceeding to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws (including any right, obligation, or remedy thereunder); (v) any action or proceeding as to which the Delaware General Corporation Law confers jurisdiction to the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; and (vi) any action or proceeding asserting a claim against us or any of our current or former directors, officers, or other employees that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in all cases to the fullest extent permitted by law and subject to the court’s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. This provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction ("the Securities Act"). In addition, to prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. However, as Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provision. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation further provides that any person or entity holding, owning or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to these provisions.60Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.These choice of forum provisions may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring such a claim arising under the Securities Act against us, our directors, officers, or other employees in a venue other than in the federal district courts of the United States of America. In such instance, we would expect to vigorously assert the validity and enforceability of the exclusive forum provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. This may require significant additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions and we cannot assure you that the provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. If a court were to find either exclusive-forum provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur further significant additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, all of which could harm our business.Item 1B. Unresolved Staff CommentsNone.Item 2. PropertiesOur corporate headquarters are located in San Francisco, California, where we lease approximately 110,000 square feet of space in three buildings with two leases that expire in August 2025 and one lease that expires in November 2022. Currently, our largest office is located in Montreal, Canada with approximately 137,000 square feet under a lease that expires in June 2030. We also lease an aggregate of 88,608 square feet of space in Copenhagen, Denmark, under two leases that expire in March 2024 and September 2026. In addition, we maintain offices in the United States in Arizona, California, Massachusetts, New York, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Texas, and Washington, and in Belgium, Canada, China, Colombia, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Israel, Japan, Lithuania, Singapore, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, and the U.K. We believe our facilities are adequate and suitable for our current needs, and that should it be needed, suitable additional or alternative space will be available to accommodate our operations.Item 3. Legal ProceedingsWe are not a party to any material pending legal proceedings. From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims arising in the ordinary course of business.Item 4. Mine Safety DisclosuresNot applicable.PART IIItem 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity SecuritiesMarket Information Regarding our Common StockOur common stock has been listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "U" since September 18, 2020. Prior to that date, there was no public trading market for our common stock.Holders of RecordAs of December 31, 2021, we had 311 stockholders of record of our common stock, including brokers and other institutions, which hold shares of our common stock on behalf of an indeterminate number of beneficial holders.61Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Dividend PolicyWe have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and future earnings, if any, to fund the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination regarding the declaration and payment of cash dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on then-existing conditions, including our financial condition, operating results, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects, and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant.Unregistered Sales of Equity SecuritiesNone.Use of ProceedsOur Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-248255) for our IPO was declared effective by the SEC on September 17, 2020.As of December 31, 2021, we have used all of the net proceeds from the IPO for the purposes described in our final prospectus dated September 17, 2020 and filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, on September 18, 2020.Issuer Purchases of Equity SecuritiesNone.Stock Performance GraphThe following shall not be deemed “soliciting material” or deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, other than as provided by this Item 5, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or incorporated by reference into any of our other filings under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except to the extent we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing.62Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.The performance graph below compares (i) the cumulative total return on our common stock from September 18, 2020 (the date our common stock commenced trading on the New York Stock Exchange) through December 31, 2021 with (ii) the cumulative total return of the S&P 500 Information Technology Index (“SP500-45”) and the Russell 3000 (“RUA”) Index over the same period, assuming the investment of $100 in our common stock and in both of the other indices on September 18, 2020 and the reinvestment of dividends. The performance graph uses the closing market price on September 18, 2020 of $68.35 per share as the initial value of our common stock. The stock price performance on this performance graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance.Company/Index9/18/20209/30/202012/31/20203/31/20216/30/20219/30/202112/31/2021Unity Software Inc.$100 $128 $225 $147 $161 $185 $209 S&P 500 Information Technology Index$100 $105 $117 $119 $132 $134 $156 Russell 3000 Index$100 $101 $116 $122 $132 $132 $143 Item 6. [RESERVED]63Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of OperationsPlease read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. When reviewing the discussion below, you should keep in mind the substantial risks and uncertainties that could impact our business. In particular, we encourage you to review the risks and uncertainties described in “Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors” included elsewhere in this report. These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements contained in this report or implied by past results and trends. Forward-looking statements are statements that attempt to forecast or anticipate future developments in our business, financial condition or results of operations. See the section titled “Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in this report. These statements, like all statements in this report, speak only as of their date (unless another date is indicated), and we undertake no obligation to update or revise these statements in light of future developments.This section of this Form 10-K generally discusses 2021 and 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020. Discussion of 2019 and year-over-year comparisons between fiscal 2020 and 2019 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found under the heading “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation” in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, that was filed with the SEC on March 5, 2021.OverviewUnity is the world’s leading platform for creating and operating interactive, RT3D content.Our platform provides a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run, and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices.Our platform consists of two distinct, but connected and synergistic, sets of solutions: Create Solutions and Operate Solutions. Our Create Solutions are used by content creators—developers, artists, designers, engineers, and architects—to create interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content. Content can be created once and deployed to more than 20 platforms, including Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, PlayStation, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, and the leading augmented and virtual reality platforms, among others. Our Operate Solutions offer customers the ability to grow and engage their end-user base, as well as run and monetize their content with the goal of optimizing end-user acquisition and operational costs, while increasing the lifetime value of their end users.We launched our first game development engine in 2004, bringing together a set of tools, such as rendering, lighting, physics, sound, animation, and user interface, that were designed to address the challenges faced by most game developers. Prior to Unity, developers primarily created these tools individually and repetitively across different target platforms, which was an expensive and time-consuming process. Unity made game development easier and faster.In the year ended December 31, 2021, we built upon our history of innovation by achieving a number of milestones that secured our position as the leading platform for creating and operating interactive, RT3D content including those identified below.•Unity's Operate Solutions continued to command attention: In 2021, Operate Solutions contributed to the stability and success of more than 200 thousand games. Use of Unity monetization services drove more than 2 billion net-new installs, and as cross-platform, multiplayer games became more mainstream, our Multiplay and Vivox offerings continue to grow. They supported some of the most successful game launches last year including Amazon's New World and Splitgate by 1,047 Games.64Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.•Unity's Create Solutions accelerated throughout the year: Create Solutions experienced a strong year across games and non-gaming. In late 2021 particularly, AAA publishers and platform providers launched made with Unity games, including Riot Games' Ruined King: A League of Legends Story. Unity continued to expand market share within the top 1,000 mobile games in 2021. Outside of gaming, Unity's RT3D capabilities led to more customers across industries and use-cases to implement Unity software as part of their digital strategies. For example, Hyundai Motors and Unity partner to connect a physical factory with its digital twin to enhance plant management, drive productivity and innovate in the manufacturing process. eBay partnered with unity to enable sellers to showcase the actual item they are selling in Unity's proprietary, interactive 360-view.•Unity expanded its addressable market through strategic acquisitions and product innovations: In 2021, Unity added key capabilities and expanded its addressable market with key acquisitions, heavily focused on supporting artists. In the remote collaboration space, Unity brought on remote access platform Parsec and SyncSketch, which enables cloud-based, secure collaboration between separated creators and artists. With certain tools and technologies from Weta Digital, Interactive Data Visualization (makers of SpeedTree), and most recently, Ziva Dynamics, Unity aims to democratize access to some of artistry's most exclusive tools and services via the cloud. On the product front, Unity introduced Unity Game Services, which unifies existing solutions and introduces new tools and services to simplify launching cross-platform, multiplayer games. These initiatives expanded the company's total addressable market, increased its serviceable market and strengthened the value of the Unity platform to customers.We continue to invest in research and development and to pursue selective acquisitions and partnerships in order to enhance and expand our platform.Impact of COVID-19While our total revenue, cash flows, and overall financial condition have not been adversely impacted to date, the COVID-19 pandemic has caused general business disruption worldwide beginning in January 2020. The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic, including any new strains or mutations such as the delta or omicron variants, will directly or indirectly impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted. Although we experienced a modest adverse impact on our sales of Create Solutions as well as our Strategic Partnerships in 2020, our pipeline of customer opportunities for our Create Solutions and Strategic Partnerships were largely back to normal levels by the end of 2020 and we have not experienced COVID-19 related impacts on our Create Solutions during 2021. We did see an increase in demand for our portfolio of products and services within Operate Solutions following the implementation of shelter-in-place orders to mitigate the outbreak of COVID-19, which resulted in higher levels of end-user engagement in Operate Solutions and an increase in revenue, along with a decrease in operating expense due to materially reduced travel and spending on events and facilities, which moderated over time. This increased demand for our Operate Solutions will likely continue to moderate over time, particularly as vaccines are becoming widely available, and as shelter-in-place orders and other related measures and community practices evolve. As restrictions related to COVID-19 ease, we expect travel and spending on events and facilities to increase. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we are also requiring or have required substantially all of our employees to work remotely to minimize the risk of the virus to our employees and the communities in which we operate. We are currently planning for most of our employees to return to in-person offices later in 2022, however our plans may change if the number of COVID-19 cases rises where our offices are located or if there is an increase in new strains such as the delta or omicron variants, and we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, and business partners.65Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.The global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic continues to rapidly evolve, and we will continue to monitor the situation and the effects on our business and operations closely. We do not yet know the full extent of potential impacts on our business or operations or on the global economy as a whole, particularly as the COVID-19 pandemic persists. The return of more in-person activities will result in an increase in our expenses and could result in a range of impacts to our customers, which could impact our business. Given the uncertainty, we cannot reasonably estimate the impact on our future results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition. For additional details, refer to the section titled “Risk Factors.”Key MetricsWe monitor the following key metrics to help us evaluate the health of our business, identify trends affecting our growth, formulate goals and objectives, and make strategic decisions.Customers Contributing More Than $100,000 of RevenueWe have a history of strong growth in our customer base. We focus on the number of customers that generated more than $100,000 of revenue in the trailing 12 months, as this segment of our customer base represents the majority of our revenue and revenue growth. We expect that trend to continue. We define a customer as an individual or entity that generated revenue during the measurement period. A single organization with multiple divisions, segments, or subsidiaries is generally counted as a single customer, even though we may enter into commercial agreements with multiple parties within that organization. We had 1,052, 793, and 600 of such customers in the trailing 12 months as of December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively, demonstrating our ability to grow our revenues with existing customers, and our strong and growing penetration of larger enterprises, including AAA gaming studios and large organizations in industries beyond gaming. While these customers represented the substantial majority of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively, no one customer accounted for more than 10% of our revenue for either year.Dollar-Based Net Expansion RateOur ability to drive growth and generate incremental revenue depends, in part, on our ability to maintain and grow our relationships with our Create and Operate Solutions customers and to increase their use of our platform. We track our performance by measuring our dollar-based net expansion rate, which compares our Create and Operate Solutions revenue from the same set of customers across comparable periods, calculated on a trailing 12-month basis.Our dollar-based net expansion rate as of a period end is calculated as current period revenue divided by prior period revenue. Prior period revenue is the trailing 12-month revenue measured as of such prior period end and includes revenue from all customers that contributed revenue during such trailing 12-month period. Current period revenue is the trailing 12-month revenue from these same customers as of the current period end. Our dollar-based net expansion rate includes the effect of any customer renewals, expansion, contraction, and churn but excludes revenue from new customers in the current period.As of December 31,202120202019Dollar-based net expansion rate140 %138 %133 %Our dollar-based net expansion rate as of December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019 was driven primarily by the sales of additional subscriptions and services to our existing Create Solutions customers, expanded consumption among our existing Operate Solutions customers, and improvements in cross-selling our solutions to all of our customers.66Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.The chart below illustrates our strong relationship with existing customers by presenting our dollar-based net expansion rate as of the end of each of the past eight quarters.Results of OperationsThe following table summarizes our historical consolidated statements of operations data for the periods indicated (in thousands):Year Ended December 31,202120202019Revenue$1,110,526 $772,445 $541,779 Cost of revenue253,630 172,347 118,597 Gross profit856,896 600,098 423,182 Operating expensesResearch and development695,710 403,515 255,928 Sales and marketing344,939 216,416 174,135 General and administrative347,912 254,979 143,788 Total operating expenses1,388,561 874,910 573,851 Loss from operations(531,665)(274,812)(150,669)Interest expense(1,131)(1,520)— Interest income and other expense, net1,566 (3,885)(2,573)Loss before provision for income taxes(531,230)(280,217)(153,242)Provision for income taxes1,377 2,091 9,948 Net loss$(532,607)$(282,308)$(163,190)67Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.The following table sets forth the components of our consolidated statements of operations data as a percentage of revenue for the periods indicated:Year Ended December 31,202120202019Revenue100 %100 %100 %Cost of revenue23 22 22 Gross margin77 78 78 Operating expensesResearch and development63 52 47 Sales and marketing31 28 32 General and administrative31 33 27 Total operating expenses125 113 106 Loss from operations(48)(36)(28)Interest expense— — — Interest income and other expense, net— (1)— Loss before provision for income taxes(48)(37)(28)Provision for income taxes— — 2 Net loss(48)%(37)%(30)%RevenueWe derive revenue from Create Solutions, Operate Solutions, and Strategic Partnerships and Other.Create SolutionsWe generate Create Solutions revenue primarily through the sale of subscription fee arrangements for the use of our products and related support services.We offer subscription plans at various price points and recognize revenue over a service period that generally ranges from one to three years. We typically bill our customers on a monthly, quarterly or annual basis, depending on the size of the contract. As a result of billing our customers in advance, we record deferred revenue, and a portion of the revenue we report in each period is attributable to the recognition of deferred revenue related to subscription and support agreements that we entered into during previous periods.We generate additional Create Solutions revenue from the sale of professional services to our subscription customers. These services primarily consist of consulting, integration, training and custom application and workflow development, and may be billed in advance or on a time and materials basis.Operate SolutionsWe generate Operate Solutions revenue through a combination of revenue-share and consumption-based business models that we manage as a portfolio of products and services.68Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Our monetization products are primarily based on a revenue-share model. These products were introduced in 2014 as our first set of Operate Solutions products and currently account for a substantial majority of our Operate Solutions revenue. We recognize monetization revenue when an end user installs an application after seeing an advertisement (contracted on a cost-per-install basis), and when an advertisement starts (contracted on a cost-per-impression basis). Our revenue represents the amount we retain from the transaction we are facilitating through our Unified Auction. Actions by operating system platform providers or application stores such as Apple or Google may affect the manner in which we or our customers collect, use and share data from end-user devices. For example, Apple recently implemented a requirement for applications using its mobile operating system, iOS, to affirmatively (on an opt-in basis) obtain an end user’s permission to “track them across apps or websites owned by other companies” or access their device’s advertising identifier for advertising and advertising measurement purposes, as well as other restrictions. If end-users do not opt-in to participate in such tracking as defined by Apple, our ability to monetize through advertising could suffer. The long-term impact of these and  other privacy and regulatory changes remains uncertain.We also provide cloud-based services to support the ongoing operation of games and applications. These include application hosting services, as well as end-user engagement tools and voice chat services. These services are generally sold based on consumption and billed monthly in arrears. Some of our consumption-based contracts include a minimum fixed-fee consumption amount. We expect that our Operate Solutions beyond monetization, including cloud operations and hosting services, such as Multiplay, which we introduced in 2018, will grow as a percentage of our revenue in the long term as we further scale newer products and services and as we launch additional solutions for gaming customers as well as customers in other industries.Strategic Partnerships and OtherWe generate Strategic Partnerships revenue primarily from partnership contracts with hardware, operating system, device, game console, and other technology providers. Typically, we recognize revenue from these contracts as services are performed. These partnerships are typically multi-year software development arrangements with payments that are either made in advance on a quarterly basis or milestone-based. In addition, certain partners pay us royalties based on the sales of applications sold on their platform that incorporate or use our customized software.We generate Other revenue primarily from our share of sales from our Asset Store, a marketplace and scaled aggregator for software, content, and tools used in the creation of real-time interactive games and applications, and from our Verified Solutions Partners, which sell software and tools certified for quality and compatibility with our platform.69Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Our total revenue is summarized as follows (in thousands, except percentages):Year EndedYear EndedDecember 31,ChangeDecember 31,Change20212020Amount%20202019Amount%Create Solutions$326,636 $231,314 $95,322 41 %$231,314 $168,626 $62,688 37 %Operate Solutions709,140 471,161 237,979 51 %$471,161 $293,317 $177,844 61 %Strategic Partnerships and Other74,750 69,970 4,780 7 %$69,970 $79,836 $(9,866)(12)%Total revenue$1,110,526 $772,445 $338,081 44 %$772,445 $541,779 $230,666 43 %The increase in revenue in the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020 was substantially due to revenue growth among existing customers. In the year ended December 31, 2021, the increase in revenue was primarily due to an increase in revenue from our Create Solutions and Operate Solutions. Create Solutions revenue growth was largely attributable to an increase in new customers, as well as expansion of existing customers. Within Operate Solutions, the substantial majority of our revenue growth was driven by an increase in revenue per customer as customers increased their consumption across our Operate portfolio of products and services due in part to the higher levels of end-user engagement as a result of strong product and sales execution. We also saw an increase in new customers within Operate Solutions.Cost of Revenue, Gross Profit, and Gross MarginCost of revenue consists primarily of hosting expenses, personnel costs (including salaries, benefits, and stock-based compensation) for employees associated with our product support and professional services organizations, allocated overhead (including facilities, IT, and security costs), third-party license fees, and credit card fees, as well as amortization of related capitalized software and depreciation of related property and equipment.Gross profit, or revenue less cost of revenue, has been and will continue to be affected by various factors, including our product mix, the costs associated with third-party hosting services, and the extent to which we expand and drive efficiencies in our hosting costs, professional services, and customer support organizations. We expect our gross profit to increase in absolute dollars, but we expect our gross profit as a percentage of revenue, or gross margin, to fluctuate from period to period.Our cost of revenue, gross profit, and gross margin are summarized as follows (in thousands, except percentages):Year EndedYear EndedDecember 31,ChangeDecember 31,Change20212020Amount%20202019Amount%Cost of revenue$253,630$172,347$81,28347 %$172,347$118,597$53,75045 %Gross profit$856,896$600,098$256,79843 %$600,098$423,182$176,91642 %Gross margin77 %78 %(1)%78 %78 %— %Cost of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased primarily due to an increase of $43.0 million in personnel-related expense driven by higher stock-based compensation expense of $14.2 million as headcount increased to support our Create Solutions and Strategic Partnerships. IT hosting expense also increased by $21.5 million to support growth in our Create and Operate solutions.Operating ExpensesOur operating expenses consist of research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses. The most significant component of our operating expenses is personnel-related costs, including salaries and wages, sales commissions, bonuses, benefits, stock-based compensation, and payroll taxes.70Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Research and DevelopmentResearch and development expenses primarily consist of personnel-related costs for the design and development of our platform, third-party software services, professional services, and allocated overhead. We expense research and development expenses as they are incurred. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars and may fluctuate as a percentage of revenue from period to period as we expand our teams to develop new products, expand features and functionality with existing products, and enter new markets.Research and development expense is summarized as follows (in thousands, except percentages):Year EndedYear EndedDecember 31,ChangeDecember 31,Change20212020Amount%20202019Amount%Research and development$695,710 $403,515 $292,195 72 %$403,515 $255,928 $147,587 58 %Research and development expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased primarily due to an increase of $239.1 million in personnel-related expenses, including higher stock-based compensation expense of $99.6 million as headcount increased to support continued product innovation. IT hosting expense increased by $26.7 million due to growing data and compute needs.Sales and MarketingOur sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs; advertising and marketing programs, including digital account-based marketing, user events such as developer-centric conferences and our annual Unite user conferences; and allocated overhead. We expect that our sales and marketing expense will increase in absolute dollars as we hire additional personnel, increase our account-based marketing, direct marketing and community outreach activities, invest in additional tools and technologies, and continue to build brand awareness. Our expenses may fluctuate as a percentage of revenue from period to period.Sales and marketing expense is summarized as follows (in thousands, except percentages):Year EndedYear EndedDecember 31,ChangeDecember 31,Change20212020Amount%20202019Amount%Sales and marketing$344,939 $216,416 $128,523 59 %$216,416 $174,135 $42,281 24 %Sales and marketing expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased primarily due to an increase of $97.9 million in personnel-related expenses, including higher stock-based compensation expense of $46.9 million as headcount increased to support the growth of our sales and marketing teams.  In addition, advertisement expenditures on various social media platforms increased by $8.4 million.71Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.General and AdministrativeOur general and administrative expenses primarily consist of personnel-related costs for finance, legal, human resources, IT, and administrative employees; professional fees for external legal, accounting, and other professional services; and allocated overhead. We expect that our general and administrative expenses will increase in absolute dollars and may fluctuate as a percentage of revenue from period to period as we scale to support the growth of our business.General and administrative expense is summarized as follows (in thousands, except percentages):Year EndedYear EndedDecember 31,ChangeDecember 31,Change20212020Amount%20202019Amount%General and administrative$347,912 $254,979 $92,933 36 %$254,979 $143,788 $111,191 77 %General and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased primarily due to a one-time charge of $49.8 million for the termination of a future lease contract, including associated construction in progress write-offs.  Personnel-related costs also increased $80.6 million, including higher stock-based compensation expense of $51.9 million primarily related to an increase in headcount to support the growth of our finance, accounting, human resources, IT, and legal functions, as well as the incremental equity award modification expense associated with the separation of our former Chief Financial Officer.  In addition, professional and insurance expense increased $30.9 million due to increased administrative costs as part of being a public company, in addition an increase in costs related to our business combinations. The increase in expense was partially offset by a one-time charge of $63.6 million related to the donation of our common stock to a charitable foundation during the year ended December 31, 2020.72Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Interest ExpenseInterest expense consists primarily of interest expense associated with our Credit Agreement. Interest expense is summarized as follows (in thousands, except percentages):Year EndedYear EndedDecember 31,ChangeDecember 31,Change20212020Amount%202020202019Amount%Interest expense$(1,131)$(1,520)$389 (26)%$(1,520)$(1,520)$— $(1,520)**Not meaningfulInterest expense was recognized in the year ended December 31, 2021 on the outstanding balance from our $125.0 million credit facility and on the amortization of debt issuance costs related to our convertible note issuance in November 2021. The credit facility was terminated in April 2021.Interest Income and Other Expense, NetInterest income and other expense, net, consists primarily of interest income earned on our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, amortization of premium arising at acquisition of marketable securities, foreign currency remeasurement gains and losses, and foreign currency transaction gains and losses. As we have expanded our global operations, our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currencies has increased, and we expect this to continue.Interest income and other expense, net, is summarized as follows (in thousands, except percentages):Year EndedYear EndedDecember 31,ChangeDecember 31,Change20212020Amount%20202019Amount%Interest income and other expense, net$1,566 $(3,885)$5,451 (140)%$(3,885)$(2,573)$(1,312)51 %Interest income and other expense, net, for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased primarily due to foreign currency remeasurement gains.Provision for Income TaxesProvision for income taxes consists primarily of income taxes in certain foreign jurisdictions where we conduct business. We have a valuation allowance against certain of our deferred tax assets, including NOL carryforwards and tax credits related primarily to research and development. Our overall effective income tax rate in future periods may be affected by the geographic mix of earnings in the countries in which we operate. Our future effective tax rate may also be affected by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, or changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles in the jurisdictions in which we conduct business. See Note 14, “Income Taxes,” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.Provision for income taxes is summarized as follows (in thousands, except percentages):Year EndedYear EndedDecember 31,ChangeDecember 31,Change20212020Amount%20202019Amount%Provision for income taxes$1,377 $2,091 $(714)(34)%$2,091 $9,948 $(7,857)(79)%Provision for income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2021 decreased primarily due to the tax benefit recognized as a result of a partial release of our valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets in connection with business combinations, partially offset by a one time tax expense recognized from an intercompany transaction with our subsidiary in Israel.73Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Non-GAAP Financial MeasuresTo supplement our consolidated financial statements prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP, we use certain non-GAAP performance financial measures, as described below, to evaluate our ongoing operations and for internal planning and forecasting purposes. We believe the following non-GAAP measures are useful in evaluating our operating performance. We are presenting these non-GAAP financial measures because we believe, when taken collectively, they may be helpful to investors because they provide consistency and comparability with past financial performance. In the future, we may also exclude non-recurring expenses and other expenses that do not reflect our overall operating results.However, non-GAAP financial measures have limitations in their usefulness to investors because they have no standardized meaning prescribed by GAAP and are not prepared under any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles. In addition, other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate similarly-titled non-GAAP financial measures differently or may use other measures to evaluate their performance, all of which could reduce the usefulness of our non-GAAP financial measures as tools for comparison. As a result, our non-GAAP financial measures are presented for supplemental informational purposes only and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for our consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with GAAP.Non-GAAP Gross Profit and Non-GAAP Loss from OperationsWe define non-GAAP gross profit as gross profit excluding stock-based compensation expense,  employer tax related to employee stock transactions, and amortization of acquired intangible assets expense. We define non-GAAP loss from operations as loss from operations excluding stock-based compensation expense, employer tax related to employee stock transactions, and amortization of acquired intangible assets expense.We use non-GAAP gross profit and non-GAAP loss from operations in conjunction with traditional GAAP measures to evaluate our financial performance. We believe that non-GAAP gross profit and non-GAAP loss from operations provide our management and investors consistency and comparability with our past financial performance and facilitates period-to-period comparisons of operations, as these metrics exclude stock-based compensation expense, employer tax related to employee stock transactions, amortization of acquired intangible assets expense, a one-time expense for the termination of a future lease agreement, and non-cash charitable contribution expense, which we do not consider to be indicative of our overall operating performance.Non-GAAP gross profit and non-GAAP loss from operations have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider them in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are:•they exclude expense associated with our equity compensation plan, although equity compensation has been, and will continue to be, an important part of our compensation strategy;•non-GAAP loss from operations excludes the expense of amortization of acquired intangible assets, and although these are non-cash expenses, the assets being amortized may have to be replaced in the future and non-GAAP loss from operations does not reflect cash expenditure for such replacements;•non-GAAP loss from operations excludes the expense associated with the charitable contribution of common stock to a donor-advised fund, and although this is a non-cash expense, we may make similar charitable contributions in the future; •non-GAAP loss from operations excludes the one-time expense for the termination of a future lease agreement, although there is no guarantee that the company will not incur similar expenses in the future; and74Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.•the expenses and other items that we exclude in our calculation of non-GAAP gross profit and non-GAAP loss from operations may differ from the expenses and other items, if any, that other companies may exclude from this measure or similarly titled measures, which reduces their usefulness as comparative measures.The following table presents a reconciliation of our non-GAAP gross profit to our GAAP gross profit, the most directly comparable measure as determined in accordance with GAAP, for the periods presented (in thousands):Year EndedDecember 31,202120202019GAAP gross profit$856,896$600,098$423,182Add:Stock-based compensation expense24,81110,626$3,198Employer tax related to employee stock transactions5,4341,117193Amortization of intangible assets expense2,274——Non-GAAP gross profit$889,415$611,841$426,573GAAP gross margin77 %78 %78 %Non-GAAP gross margin80 %79 %79 %The year-over-year increase in non-GAAP gross margin in 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily due to strong product optimizations and lower unit costs in Operate Solutions as well as lower platform costs to support Strategic Partnerships.The following table presents a reconciliation of our non-GAAP loss from operations to our GAAP loss from operations, the most directly comparable measure as determined in accordance with GAAP, for the periods presented (in thousands):Year EndedDecember 31,202120202019GAAP loss from operations$(531,665)$(274,812)$(150,669)Add:Stock-based compensation expense347,159 134,629 44,480 Employer tax related to employee stock transactions50,574 8,176 2,808 Amortization of intangible assets expense33,483 17,755 11,570 Lease termination expense49,795 — — Charitable contribution to donor-advised fund— 63,615 — Non-GAAP loss from operations$(50,654)$(50,637)$(91,811)The year-over-year change in our non-GAAP loss from operations in 2021 compared to 2020 was relatively flat due to strong product optimizations and lower unit costs in Operate Solutions as well as lower platform costs to support Strategic Partnerships. This was partially offset by higher personnel-related costs, driven by an increase in headcount across the entire company to support the growth in the business, as well as an increase in IT hosting costs to support growth in our Operate Solutions and our growing data and compute needs.75Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Non-GAAP Net Loss and Non-GAAP Net Loss per ShareWe define non-GAAP net loss and non-GAAP net loss per share as net loss and net loss per share excluding stock-based compensation expense, employer tax related to employee stock transactions, and amortization of acquired intangible assets expense, a one-time expense for the termination of a future lease agreement, and non-cash charitable contribution expense, as well as the related tax effects of these items. Non-GAAP net loss per share also adds back expense relating to deemed dividends representing excess paid over initial issuance price to repurchase convertible preferred stock. We use non-GAAP net loss and non-GAAP net loss per share in conjunction with traditional GAAP measures to evaluate our financial performance. We believe that these non-GAAP measures provide our management and investors consistency and comparability with our past financial performance and facilitates period-to-period comparisons of operations.Non-GAAP net loss and non-GAAP net loss per share have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider them in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are:•they exclude expense associated with our equity compensation plan, although equity compensation has been, and will continue to be, an important part of our compensation strategy;•they exclude the expense of amortization of acquired intangible assets, and although these are non-cash expenses, the assets being amortized may have to be replaced in the future and non-GAAP loss from operations does not reflect cash expenditure for such replacements;•they exclude the expense associated with the charitable contribution of common stock to a donor-advised fund, and although this is a non-cash expense, we may make similar charitable contributions in the future; •they exclude the one-time expense for the termination of a future lease agreement, although there is no guarantee that the company will not incur similar expenses in the future;•as further described below, we must make certain assumptions in order to determine the income tax effect adjustment for non-GAAP net loss, which assumptions may not prove to be accurate; and•the expenses and other items that we exclude in our calculation of non-GAAP net loss and non-GAAP net loss per share may differ from the expenses and other items, if any, that other companies may exclude from this measure or similarly titled measures, which reduces their usefulness as comparative measures.Income Tax Effects of Non-GAAP AdjustmentsWe utilize a fixed projected tax rate in our computation of non-GAAP income tax effects to provide better consistency across interim reporting periods. In projecting this non-GAAP tax rate, we utilize a financial projection that excludes the direct impact of the non-GAAP adjustments described above, and eliminates the effects of non-recurring and period specific items which can vary in size and frequency. The projected rate considers other factors such as our current operating structure, existing tax positions in various jurisdictions, and key legislation in major jurisdictions where we operate. For the years ended  December 31, 2021, December 31, 2020, and December 31, 2019, the non-GAAP tax rate was (22)%, (17)%, and (20)%, respectively.76Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.The following table presents a reconciliation of our non-GAAP net loss and non-GAAP net loss per share to our GAAP net loss and GAAP net loss per share, respectively, which are the most directly comparable measures as determined in accordance with GAAP, for the periods presented (in thousands, except per share data):Year EndedDecember 31,202120202019GAAP net loss$(532,607)$(282,308)$(163,190)Add:Stock-based compensation expense347,159 134,629 44,480 Employer tax related to employee stock transactions50,574 8,176 2,808 Amortization of intangible assets expense33,483 17,755 11,570 Lease termination expense49,795 — — Charitable contribution to donor-advised fund— 63,615 — Income tax effect of non-GAAP adjustments(10,182)(7,437)(8,671)Non-GAAP net loss$(61,778)$(65,570)$(113,003)GAAP net loss per share attributable to our common stockholders, basic and diluted$(1.89)$(1.66)$(2.39)Total impact on net loss per share, basic and diluted, from non-GAAP adjustments1.671.270.44Non-GAAP net loss per share attributable to our common stockholders, basic and diluted$(0.22)$(0.39)$(1.95)Weighted-average common shares used in GAAP net loss per share computation, basic and diluted282,195169,973114,442Weighted-average common shares used in non-GAAP net loss per share computation, basic and diluted282,195169,973114,442Free Cash FlowWe define free cash flow as net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less cash used for purchases of property and equipment. We believe that free cash flow is a useful indicator of liquidity as it measures our ability to generate cash, or our need to access additional sources of cash, to fund operations and investments.Free cash flow has limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are:•it is not a substitute for net cash used in operating activities;•other companies may calculate free cash flow or similarly titled non-GAAP measures differently or may use other measures to evaluate their performance, all of which could reduce the usefulness of free cash flow as a tool for comparison; and•the utility of free cash flow is further limited as it does not reflect our future contractual commitments and does not represent the total increase or decrease in our cash balance for any given period.77Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.The following table presents a reconciliation of free cash flow to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, the most directly comparable measure as determined in accordance with GAAP, for the periods presented (in thousands):Year EndedDecember 31,202120202019Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities$(111,449)$19,913 $(67,936)Less:Purchase of property and equipment(41,938)(40,156)(27,035)Free cash flow$(153,387)$(20,243)$(94,971)Net cash used in investing activities$(1,837,360)$(575,190)$(219,541)Net cash provided by financing activities$1,721,002 $1,701,455 $161,472 The year-over-year decrease in free cash flow was primarily due to the payment of the corporate bonus for the year ended December 31, 2020, our net loss, higher payroll taxes on stock-based compensation, a one-time payment related to our real estate, prepayments of software licenses, and an increase in working capital as our business grows.Liquidity and Capital ResourcesSince inception, we have financed our operations primarily through the net proceeds we have received from the sales of our convertible preferred stock and common stock and through payments received from customers using our platform. As of December 31, 2021, our principal sources of liquidity were cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities totaling $1.7 billion, which were primarily held for working capital purposes. Our cash equivalents and marketable securities are invested primarily in fixed income securities, including government and investment-grade debt securities and money market funds. In November 2021, we also received net proceeds of approximately $1.7 billion from the issuance of convertible notes, after deducting $22.6 million of debt issuance costs and $48.1 million of payments made to enter into the related capped call transactions.Our material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations as of December 31, 2021 is as follows (in thousands):Payments Due by PeriodTotalLess than 1 Year1–3 Years3–5 YearsMore than 5 YearsOperating leases (1)$132,533 $28,193 $62,619 $10,174 $31,547 Purchase commitments (2)692,215 116,865 279,744 295,606 — Convertible note (3)1,725,000 — — 1,725,000 — Total (4)$2,549,748 $145,058 $342,363 $2,030,780 $31,547 (1)    Operating lease obligations consist primarily of obligations for real estate.(2)    The substantial majority of our purchase commitments are related to agreements with our data center hosting providers.(3)    Convertible note due 2026. Refer to footnote 10 for further discussion.(4)    This table excludes amounts related to income tax liabilities for uncertain tax positions, since we cannot predict with reasonable reliability the timing of cash settlements to the respective taxing authorities.Since our inception, we have generated losses from our operations as reflected in our accumulated deficit of $1.3 billion as of December 31, 2021. We expect to continue to incur operating losses for the foreseeable future due to the investments we will continue to make in research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative. As a result, we may require additional capital to execute our strategic initiatives to grow our business.78Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.We believe our existing sources of liquidity will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditures for at least the next 12 months. We believe we will meet longer-term expected future cash requirements and obligations through a combination of cash flows from operating activities, available cash balances, and potential future equity or debt transactions. Our future capital requirements, however, will depend on many factors, including our growth rate; the timing and extent of spending to support our research and development efforts; capital expenditures to build out new facilities and purchase hardware and software; the expansion of sales and marketing activities; and our continued need to invest in our IT infrastructure to support our growth. In addition, we may enter into additional strategic partnerships as well as agreements to acquire or invest in complementary products, teams and technologies, including intellectual property rights, which could increase our cash requirements. As a result of these and other factors, we may choose or be required to seek additional equity or debt financing sooner than we currently anticipate. If additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us, or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when required, or if we cannot expand our operations or otherwise capitalize on our business opportunities because we lack sufficient capital, our business, results of operations, and financial condition would be adversely affected.Our changes in cash flows were as follows (in thousands):Year Ended December 31,202120202019Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities$(111,449)$19,913 $(67,936)Net cash used in investing activities(1,837,360)(575,190)(219,541)Net cash provided by financing activities1,721,002 1,701,455 161,472 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash459 673 (172)Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash$(227,348)$1,146,851 $(126,177)Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating ActivitiesDuring the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was $111.4 million and was primarily due to the payment of the corporate bonus for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, our net loss, higher payroll taxes on stock-based compensation, prepayments of software licenses, an increase in working capital as our business grows, and a one-time payment related to our real estate.During the year ended December 31, 2020, cash provided by operating activities was $19.9 million, which consisted of a net loss of $282.3 million, adjusted by non-cash charges of $244.5 million and net cash inflows from the change in net operating assets and liabilities of $57.8 million. The non-cash charges primarily consisted of depreciation and amortization of $43.0 million, stock-based compensation of $134.6 million, and a common stock charitable donation expense of $63.6 million.The net cash inflows from the change in our net operating assets and liabilities was primarily due to a $41.6 million increase in accrued expenses and other current liabilities, a $44.6 million increase in publisher payables, and a $37.4 million increase in deferred revenue. This was partially offset by a $63.3 million increase in accounts receivable and a $13.0 million increase in other current assets.For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, a substantial portion of our accounts receivable balance comes from advertising partners and is offset by an accounts payable amount due to our publishers (Operate Solutions customers). However, the payment terms that we offer our advertising partners are generally shorter than the payment terms with our publishers (Operate Solutions customers). As such, our cash flows fluctuate from period to period due to revenue seasonality, timing of billings, collections, and publisher payments. Historical cash flows are not necessarily indicative of our results in any future period.79Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Cash Used in Investing ActivitiesDuring the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used in investing activities was $1.8 billion, consisting of the purchase of marketable securities of $519.7 million, cash used in acquisitions of $1.6 billion, and capital expenditures of $41.9 million, partially offset by proceeds of $309.0 million from marketable security principal repayments and maturities.During the year ended December 31, 2020, cash used in investing activities was $575.2 million, consisting of the purchase of marketable securities of $482.5 million, cash used in acquisitions of $53.2 million and capital expenditures of $40.2 million.Cash Provided by Financing ActivitiesDuring the year ended December 31, 2021, cash provided by financing activities was $1.7 billion and consisted of $1.7 billion in net proceeds received from the issuance of the convertible notes, after deducting debt issuance costs of $22.6 million and $48.1 million of payments made to enter into the related capped call transactions, and $66.7 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options.During the year ended December 31, 2020, cash provided by financing activities was $1.7 billion, primarily consisting of net proceeds of $1.4 billion from our initial public offering, net proceeds of $250.0 million from the issuance of convertible preferred stock and common stock, proceeds of $125.0 million from the revolving credit facility, and proceeds of $25.4 million from the exercise of stock options. The net cash outflows from financing activities was primarily due to the $125.0 million repayment of principal on our revolving credit facility.Critical Accounting Policies and EstimatesManagement's discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. These principles require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and related disclosures. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and our actual results, our future financial statements will be affected.The critical accounting estimates, assumptions and judgements that we believe have the most significant impact on our consolidated financial statements are described below.Revenue RecognitionWe generate revenue through three sources: (1) Create Solutions, which is composed primarily of our subscription offerings and professional services; (2) Operate Solutions, which includes our monetization services, hosting, and multiplayer services, and voice services; and (3) Strategic Partnerships and Other, which are primarily arrangements with strategic hardware, operating system, device, game console, and other technology providers for the customization and development of our software to enable interoperability with these platforms.We evaluate and recognize revenue by:•identifying the contract(s) with the customer;•identifying the performance obligation(s) in the contract(s);•determining the transaction price;•allocating the transaction price to performance obligation(s) in the contract(s); and•recognizing revenue as each performance obligation is satisfied through the transfer of a promised good or service to a customer which we refer to as a transfer of control.80Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Our contracts are generally non-cancellable. Once we have determined the transaction price, the total transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation in the contract on a relative stand-alone selling price basis, or SSP. The determination of SSP for each distinct performance obligation requires judgment. Generally, we determine SSP using observable pricing, which takes into consideration market conditions and customer specific factors. When observable pricing is not available, we use cost plus margin analysis to determine SSP.Revenue is recognized upon the transfer of control of promised products and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. We use the output method for our Create Solutions and Operate Solutions contracts, and generally use the input method for our Strategic Partnership contracts. We determined that these methods are the most appropriate measure of progress as they faithfully represent when the value of the services are simultaneously received and consumed by the customer, and control is transferred.For advertisements placed through the Unified Auction, we evaluate whether we are the principal (i.e., report revenue on a gross basis) or the agent (i.e., report revenue on a net basis). The evaluation to present revenue on a gross versus net basis requires significant judgment. We have concluded that the publisher is our customer and we are the agent in facilitating the fulfillment of the advertising inventory in the Unified Auction primarily because we do not control the advertising inventory prior to the placement of an advertisement. Typically we do not retain a share of the revenue generated through Unity IAP (In-App Purchases).Stock-Based CompensationStock-based compensation expense related to our employees and non-employee directors is calculated based on the fair value on the grant date. For restricted stock units ("RSUs"), fair value is based on the closing price of our common stock on the grant date. The fair value of stock options and purchases made under the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("2020 ESPP") is estimated using the Black-Scholes pricing model. This model requires certain assumptions be used as inputs, such as the fair value of the underlying common stock, expected term of the option before exercise, expected volatility of our common stock, expected dividend yield, and a risk-free interest rate. Options granted during the year have a maximum contractual term of ten years. We have limited historical stock option activity and therefore estimate the expected term of stock options granted using the simplified method, which represents the average of the contractual term of the stock option and its weighted-average vesting period. The expected volatility of stock options is based upon the historical volatility of a number of publicly traded companies in similar industry. We have historically not declared or paid any dividends and does not currently expect to do so in the foreseeable future. The risk-free interest rates used are based on the U.S. Department of Treasury ("U.S. Treasury") yield in effect at the time of grant for zero-coupon U.S. Treasury notes with maturities approximately equal to the expected term of the stock options.We recognize stock-based compensation expense for stock options and RSUs, on a straight-line basis, over the requisite service period, generally, a vesting period of one year to four years. We recognize stock-based compensation expense related to the 2020 ESPP on a straight-line basis over the offering period. We have elected to account for forfeitures as they occur.Accounting for Business CombinationsWe allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill.Accounting for business combinations requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. Although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made are reasonable, they are based in part on historical experience and information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain. Examples of critical estimates used in valuing certain of the intangible assets we have acquired or may acquire in the future include but are not limited to:81Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.•future expected revenues and cash flows from acquired intangible assets;•the economic life used on acquired company’s trade name, trademark, existing customer relationship, and contractual relationship, as well as assumptions about the period of time the acquired trade name and trademark will continue to be used in our product portfolio;•the expected use of the acquired intangible assets; and•discount rates.These estimates are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. Unanticipated events and circumstances may occur which may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual results.Goodwill and Intangible AssetsWe evaluate and test the recoverability of our goodwill for impairment at least annually during our fourth quarter of each calendar year or more often if and when circumstances indicate that goodwill may not be recoverable. We use judgments when assessing qualitative factors of impairment that include macroeconomic conditions, other relevant events and factors affecting the market and industry, our financial performance, and other factors. To the extent we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of our single reporting unit is less than its carrying value, a quantitative test is then performed.We evaluate intangible assets other than goodwill for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. This includes but is not limited to significant adverse changes in business climate, market conditions or other events that indicate an asset’s carrying amount may not be recoverable. Recoverability of the intangible assets is measured by comparing the carrying amount of each asset to the future undiscounted cash flows the asset is expected to generate. If the undiscounted cash flows used in the test for recoverability are less than the carrying amount of these assets, the carrying amount of such assets is reduced to fair value. We also evaluate the estimated remaining useful lives of intangible assets for changes in circumstances that warrant a revision to the remaining periods of amortization.Income TaxesWe are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining the provision for income taxes and income tax assets and liabilities, including evaluating uncertainties in the application of accounting principles and complex tax laws.We use the asset and liability method under Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 740, Income Taxes, when accounting for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax expense or benefit is the result of changes in the deferred tax asset and liability.We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the net amount that we believe is more likely than not to be realized. We consider all available evidence, both positive and negative, including historical levels of income, expectations and risks associated with estimates of future taxable income, and ongoing tax planning strategies in assessing the need for a valuation allowance.82Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.We recognize tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if we believe that it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. Although we believe that we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions (including net interest and penalties), we can provide no assurance that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be materially different. We make adjustments to these reserves in accordance with the income tax accounting guidance when facts and circumstances change, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made, and could have a material impact on our financial condition and operating results. We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within income tax expense in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations.JOBS Act Accounting ElectionEffective December 31, 2021, we are no longer an "emerging growth company," as defined in the JOBS Act. Prior to losing our status as an emerging growth company, the JOBS ACT allowed us to delay adoption of new or revised accounting pronouncements applicable to public companies until such pronouncements were made to private companies, and we had elected to use this extended transition period. We can no longer take advantage of this extended transition period. Recent Accounting PronouncementsSee Note 2, “Summary of Accounting Pronouncements,” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K.Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market RiskForeign currency exchange riskThe vast majority of our cash generated from revenue is denominated in U.S. dollars, with a small amount denominated in foreign currencies. Our expenses are generally denominated in the currencies of the jurisdictions in which we conduct our operations. Our results of current and future operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. The effect of a hypothetical 10% change in foreign currency exchange rates applicable to our business would not have had a material impact on our historical consolidated financial statements. As the impact of foreign currency exchange rates has not been material to our historical operating results, we have not entered into derivative or hedging transactions, but we may do so in the future if our exposure to foreign currency becomes more significant.Interest rate riskThe primary objectives of our investment activities are to preserve principle, provide liquidity, and maximize income without significantly increasing risk. Some of the securities we invest in are subject to interest rate risk. This means that a change in prevailing interest rates may cause the principal amount of the investment to fluctuate. To minimize this risk, we maintain our portfolio of cash, cash equivalents, and investments in a variety of securities, including U.S. treasury securities, commercial paper, corporate bonds, asset-backed securities, supranational bonds, and money market funds. The risk associated with fluctuating interest rates is limited to our investment portfolio. An increase of 100 basis points in interest rates would have resulted in a $5.5 million market value reduction in our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2021.83Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary DataUNITY SOFTWARE INC.INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSPageReport of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 42)85Consolidated Balance Sheets88Consolidated Statements of Operations89Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss90Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity91Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 94Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements96Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting FirmTo the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Unity Software Inc.Opinion on the Financial StatementsWe have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Unity Software Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2021 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 22, 2022 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.Basis for OpinionThese financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.Critical Audit MattersThe critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Revenue RecognitionDescription of the MatterAs discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, revenue is recognized when the Company's contractual performance obligations are satisfied, in an amount that reflects the consideration expected in exchange for products and services. Determining whether certain of the Company’s products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately or as one combined performance obligation requires significant judgment. Judgment is required to determine the level of integration and interdependency between individual promises of software license and multi-platform support. This determination influences whether the software license is considered distinct and accounted for separately as a license performance obligation recognized at a point in time, or not distinct and accounted for together with other promises as a single performance obligation recognized over time. Management has concluded that the Company’s software subscription is a single combined performance obligation because the software license and multi-platform support are highly interdependent and interrelated. As such, the combined performance obligation is recognized over the contract term as the subscription is delivered.Auditing the Company’s determination whether the products and services included in the Company’s software subscriptions should be accounted for as distinct performance obligations or as one combined performance obligation required a significant level of auditor judgment.How We Addressed the Matter in Our AuditWe obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls over the Company's determination of performance obligations. We also obtained an understanding of the Company’s product and service offerings and tested the application of the revenue recognition accounting model to determine distinct performance obligations.Our audit procedures also included, among others, assessing the nature, level of integration and interdependency between the software license, and multi-platform support. We also assessed key assumptions related to the software license and multi-platform support with the Company’s product specialists and further reviewed information externally available on the Company’s product offerings. We have also evaluated the Company’s revenue disclosures in relation to these matters.Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Valuation of Acquired Intangible AssetsDescription of the MatterAs described in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, in December 2021, the Company acquired certain assets of Weta Digital Limited for total purchase consideration of $1,526.1 million, of which $668.4 million was allocated to the fair value of acquired intangible assets. In September 2021, the Company acquired Parsec Cloud, Inc. for total purchase consideration of $332.7 million, of which $43.2 million was allocated to the fair value of acquired intangible assets.Auditing the fair value of acquired intangible assets was complex due to the significant estimation uncertainty in determining the fair value of acquired intangible assets. The significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value of acquired intangible assets included forecasted revenue and discount rates. These assumptions were highly subjective and involved significant judgment as they were based on estimates of future financial performance and could be impacted by competition and technological innovation, among other factors.How We Addressed the Matter in Our AuditWe obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of the controls over the Company’s acquisition accounting process, including controls over management’s review of significant assumptions including forecasted revenue and discount rates used in the valuation of acquired intangible assets.To test the fair value of acquired intangible assets from these acquisitions, our audit procedures included, among others, identifying and testing the significant assumptions including forecasted revenue and discount rates used in the valuation models by assessing the historical accuracy of management’s estimates of its performance and comparing assumptions to historical performance and available external data from comparable companies. Additionally, we involved our valuation specialists to assist with our evaluation of the valuation methodologies and the significant assumptions used in the valuation models, and to perform comparative calculations of the valuation./s/ Ernst & Young LLPWe have served as the Company's auditor since 2019.San Jose, CaliforniaFebruary 22, 2022Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.UNITY SOFTWARE INC.CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS(In thousands, except par value)As ofDecember 31, 2021December 31, 2020AssetsCurrent assets:Cash and cash equivalents$1,055,776 $1,272,578 Marketable securities681,323 479,406 Accounts receivable, net of allowances of $5,447 and $2,714 as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively340,491 274,255 Prepaid expenses39,097 32,025 Other current assets34,423 22,396 Total current assets2,151,110 2,080,660 Property and equipment, net106,106 95,544 Operating lease right‑of‑use assets98,393 103,609 Goodwill1,620,127 286,251 Intangible assets, net814,386 57,459 Restricted cash10,823 21,369 Other assets40,401 26,333 Total assets$4,841,346 $2,671,225 Liabilities and stockholders’ equityCurrent liabilities:Accounts payable$14,009 $11,303 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities144,873 106,306 Publisher payables237,637 182,269 Income and other taxes payable64,759 64,116 Deferred revenue140,528 113,853 Operating lease liabilities23,729 25,375 Total current liabilities625,535 503,222 Convertible notes1,703,035 — Long-term deferred revenue15,945 20,523 Long-term operating lease liabilities92,539 98,532 Other long-term liabilities9,901 11,805 Total liabilities2,446,955 634,082 Commitments and contingencies (Note 11)Stockholders’ equity:Preferred stock, $0.000005 par value; 100,000 shares authorized, and no shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021; 100,000 shares authorized, issued, and outstanding as of December 31, 2020— — Common stock, $0.000005 par value; 1,000,000 and 1,000,000 shares authorized as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively; 292,592 and 273,537 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively2 2 Additional paid-in capital3,729,874 2,838,057 Accumulated other comprehensive loss(3,858)(3,418)Accumulated deficit(1,331,627)(797,498)Total stockholders’ equity2,394,391 2,037,143 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity$4,841,346 $2,671,225 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.88Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.UNITY SOFTWARE INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS(In thousands, except per share data)Year Ended December 31,202120202019Revenue$1,110,526 $772,445 $541,779 Cost of revenue253,630 172,347 118,597 Gross profit856,896 600,098 423,182 Operating expensesResearch and development695,710 403,515 255,928 Sales and marketing344,939 216,416 174,135 General and administrative347,912 254,979 143,788 Total operating expenses1,388,561 874,910 573,851 Loss from operations(531,665)(274,812)(150,669)Interest expense(1,131)(1,520)— Interest income and other expense, net1,566 (3,885)(2,573)Loss before provision for income taxes(531,230)(280,217)(153,242)Provision for income taxes1,377 2,091 9,948 Net loss$(532,607)$(282,308)$(163,190)Basic and diluted net loss per share:Net loss per share attributable to our common stockholders, basic and diluted$(1.89)$(1.66)$(2.39)Weighted-average shares used in per share calculation attributable to our common stockholders, basic and diluted282,195 169,973 114,442 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.89Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.UNITY SOFTWARE INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS(In thousands)Year Ended December 31,202120202019Net loss$(532,607)$(282,308)$(163,190)Other comprehensive loss, net of taxes:Change in foreign currency translation adjustment583 161 (155)Change in unrealized gains (losses) on marketable securities(1,023)53 — Other comprehensive gain (loss)(440)214 (155)Comprehensive loss$(533,047)$(282,094)$(163,345)See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.90Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.UNITY SOFTWARE INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY(In thousands, except share data)Year Ended December 31, 2019AccumulatedAdditionalOtherTotalConvertible Preferred StockCommon StockPaid‑InComprehensiveAccumulatedTreasuryStockholders’SharesAmountSharesAmountCapitalLossDeficitStockEquityBalance at December 31, 201896,992,575 $600,114 107,068,886 $1 $173,214 $(3,477)$(352,000)$(101,725)$316,127 Issuance of common stock— — 22,297,024 — 460,200 — — — 460,200 Issuance of common stock from exercise of stock options— — 6,427,160 — 11,813 — — — 11,813 Common stock issued in connection with acquisitions— — 1,734,737 — 34,807 — — — 34,807 Purchase and retirement of treasury stock— — (14,266,783)— (388,100)— — 101,725 (286,375)Issuance of convertible Series E preferred stock, net of issuance costs5,681,818 124,918 — — — — — — 124,918 Repurchase and extinguishment of convertible preferred stock(6,775,179)(38,473)— — (110,241)— — (148,714)Stock‑based compensation expense— — — — 30,959 — — — 30,959 Stock-based compensation expense in connection with modified awards for certain employees— — — — 13,521 — — — 13,521 Net loss— — — — — — (163,190)— (163,190)Foreign currency translation adjustment— — — — — (155)— — (155)Balance at December 31, 201995,899,214 $686,559 123,261,024 $1 $226,173 $(3,632)$(515,190)$— $393,911 91Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.UNITY SOFTWARE INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY(In thousands, except share data)Year Ended December 31, 2020AccumulatedAdditionalOtherTotalConvertible Preferred StockCommon StockPaid-InComprehensiveAccumulatedTreasuryStockholders’SharesAmountSharesAmountCapitalLossDeficitStockEquityBalance at December 31, 201995,899,214 $686,559 123,261,024 $1 $226,173 $(3,632)$(515,190)$— $393,911 Issuance of common stock— — 4,545,455 — 100,000 — — — 100,000 Issuance of common stock in connection with initial public offering, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and offering costs— — 28,750,000 — 1,417,582 — — — 1,417,582 Issuance of common stock in connection with charitable donation— — 750,000 — 63,615 — — — 63,615 Issuance of common stock from exercise of stock options— — 6,758,226 — 25,404 — — — 25,404 Issuance of common stock from exercise of stock options in connection with nonrecourse promissory note— — 5,656,927 — 8,856 — — — 8,856 Common stock issued in connection with acquisitions— — 1,103,190 — 25,380 — — — 25,380 Purchase and retirement of treasury stock— — (5,000)— (110)— — — (110)Issuance of convertible Series E preferred stock, net of issuance costs6,818,182 149,970 — — — — — — 149,970 Conversion of convertible preferred stock to common stock upon initial public offering(102,717,396)(836,529)102,717,396 1 836,528 — — — — Stock‑based compensation expense— — — — 134,554 — — — 134,554 Stock-based compensation expense in connection with modified awards for certain employees— — — — 75 — — — 75 Net loss— — — — — — (282,308)— (282,308)Foreign currency translation adjustment— — — — — 161 — — 161 Unrealized gain on  marketable securities— — — — — 53 — — 53 Balance at December 31, 2020— $— 273,537,218 $2 $2,838,057 $(3,418)$(797,498)$— $2,037,143 92Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.UNITY SOFTWARE INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY(In thousands, except share data)Year Ended December 31, 2021AccumulatedAdditionalOtherTotalConvertible Preferred StockCommon StockPaid‑InComprehensiveAccumulatedTreasuryStockholders’SharesAmountSharesAmountCapitalLossDeficitStockEquityBalance at December 31, 2020— $— 273,537,218 $2 $2,838,057 $(3,418)$(797,498)$— $2,037,143 Cumulative effect of accounting change— — — — — — (1,522)— (1,522)Issuance of common stock from exercise of stock options— — 11,650,963 — 66,704 — — — 66,704 Issuance of common stock for settlement of RSUs— — 3,935,813 — — — — — — Common stock issued in connection with acquisitions— — 3,468,362 — 526,081 — — — 526,081 Purchase of capped calls— — — — (48,127)— — — (48,127)Stock‑based compensation expense— — — — 334,529 — — — 334,529 Stock-based compensation expense in connection with modified awards for certain employees— — — — 12,630 — — — 12,630 Net loss— — — — — — (532,607)— (532,607)Foreign currency translation adjustment— — — — — 583 — — 583 Unrealized loss on marketable securities— — — — — (1,023)— — (1,023)Balance at December 31, 2021— $— 292,592,356 $2 $3,729,874 $(3,858)$(1,331,627)$— $2,394,391 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.93Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.UNITY SOFTWARE INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS(In thousands)Year Ended December 31,202120202019Operating activitiesNet loss$(532,607)$(282,308)$(163,190)Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities:Depreciation and amortization64,567 42,974 31,113 Common stock charitable donation expense— 63,615 — Stock-based compensation expense334,529 134,554 30,959 Stock-based compensation expense in connection with modified awards for certain employees12,630 75 13,521 Other13,843 3,246 133 Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions:Accounts receivable, net(65,151)(63,294)(49,420)Prepaid expenses (6,831)(9,131)(9,269)Other current assets(13,170)(12,985)4,457 Operating lease right-of-use ("ROU") assets23,739 23,923 — Deferred tax, net(13,033)(213)(4,466)Other assets(6,628)(1,867)(7,657)Accounts payable2,022 (2,526)473 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities34,571 41,618 12,432 Publisher payables55,368 44,605 20,174 Income and other taxes payable(1,296)19,525 13,166 Operating lease liabilities(26,473)(20,204)— Other long-term liabilities(3,282)898 8,587 Deferred revenue15,753 37,408 31,051 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities(111,449)19,913 (67,936)Investing activitiesPurchase of marketable securities(519,698)(482,453)— Proceeds from principal repayments on marketable securities18,572 1,644 — Maturities of marketable securities290,385 — — Purchase of non-marketable investments(4,600)(1,000)— Purchase of property and equipment(41,938)(40,156)(27,035)Acquisition of intangible assets— (750)— Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired(1,580,081)(52,475)(192,506)Net cash used in investing activities(1,837,360)(575,190)(219,541)94Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.UNITY SOFTWARE INC.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS(In thousands)Year Ended December 31,202120202019Financing activitiesProceeds from issuance of convertible notes1,725,000 — — Purchase of capped calls(48,127)— — Proceeds from revolving loan facility— 125,000 — Payment of principal related to revolving loan facility— (125,000)— Payment of debt issuance costs(22,575)(247)(370)Proceeds from initial public offering, net of underwriting discounts, commissions, and offering costs— 1,417,582 — Proceeds from issuance of convertible preferred stock, net of issuance costs— 149,970 124,918 Proceeds from issuance of common stock— 100,000 460,200 Repurchase and extinguishment of convertible preferred stock— — (148,714)Purchase and retirement of treasury stock— (110)(286,375)Proceeds from exercise of stock options66,704 25,404 11,813 Proceeds from exercise of stock options in connection with nonrecourse promissory note— 8,856 — Net cash provided by financing activities1,721,002 1,701,455 161,472 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash459 673 (172)Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash(227,348)1,146,851 (126,177)Cash and restricted cash, beginning of period1,293,947 147,096 273,273 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period$1,066,599 $1,293,947 $147,096 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:Cash paid for interest$110 $1,393 $— Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds$5,651 $19,956 $1,187 Supplemental disclosures of non‑cash investing and financing activities:Fair value of common stock issued as consideration for business acquisitions$526,081 $25,144 $34,807 Fair value of common stock issued as consideration for acquisition of intangible assets$— $236 $— Accrued property and equipment$8,329 $4,665 $3,572 The below table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash reported within the consolidated balance sheets to the total of the same amounts shown on the consolidated statements of cash flows (in thousands):As of December 31,202120202019Cash and cash equivalents$1,055,776 $1,272,578 $129,959 Restricted cash10,823 21,369 17,137 Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash$1,066,599 $1,293,947 $147,096 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.95Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.UNITY SOFTWARE INC.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS1. Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting PoliciesDescription of BusinessWe were founded as Over the Edge Entertainment in Denmark in 2004. We reorganized as a Delaware corporation on May 28, 2009 as Unity Software Inc. (collectively referred to with its wholly owned subsidiaries as “we,” “our” or “us”). We provide a comprehensive set of software solutions to create, run and monetize interactive, real-time 2D and 3D content for mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and augmented and virtual reality devices, among others.We are headquartered in San Francisco, California and have operations in the United States, Denmark, Belgium, Canada, China, Colombia, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Israel, Japan, Lithuania, Portugal, Singapore, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, and the U.K.We market our solutions directly through our online store and field sales operations in North America, Denmark, China, Finland, the U.K., Germany, Israel, Japan, Singapore, South Korea, and Spain, and indirectly through independent distributors and resellers worldwide.Basis of Presentation and ConsolidationWe prepared the accompanying consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Unity Software Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries. We have eliminated all intercompany balances and transactions. In our opinion, the information contained herein reflects all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of our results of operations, financial position, cash flows, and stockholders’ equity. All such adjustments are of a normal, recurring nature.Use of EstimatesThe preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make certain estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. For us, these estimates include, but are not limited to, revenue recognition, allowances for doubtful accounts, fair values of financial instruments, useful lives of fixed assets, the incremental borrowing rate ("IBR") we use to determine our operating lease liabilities, income taxes, valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, valuation of intangible assets, useful lives of intangible assets, assets acquired and liabilities assumed through business combinations, valuation of stock-based compensation, capitalization of software costs and software implementation costs, customer life for capitalized commissions, and other contingencies, among others. Actual results could differ from those estimates, and such differences could be material to our financial position and results of operations.Revenue RecognitionRevenue is recognized upon the transfer of control of promised products and services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services.We evaluate and recognize revenue by:•identifying the contract(s) with the customer;•identifying the performance obligation(s) in the contract(s);•determining the transaction price;•allocating the transaction price to performance obligation(s) in the contract(s); and96Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.•recognizing revenue as each performance obligation is satisfied through the transfer of a promised good or service to a customer (“transfer of control”).The five-step model requires us to make significant estimates in situations where we are unable to establish stand-alone selling price based on various observable prices using all information that is reasonably available. Observable inputs and information we use to make these estimates include historical internal pricing data and cost plus margin analysis.We generate revenue through three sources: (1) Create Solutions, which consists primarily of our subscription offerings and professional services; (2) Operate Solutions, which includes our monetization services, hosting, and multiplayer services, and voice services; and (3) Strategic Partnerships and Other, which are primarily arrangements with strategic hardware, operating system, device, game console, and other technology providers for the customization and development of our software to enable interoperability with these platforms. We recognize revenue as our contractual performance obligations are satisfied. When contracts with our customers contain multiple performance obligations, we allocate the overall transaction price, which is the amount of consideration to which we expect to receive in exchange for promised goods or services, to each of the distinct performance obligations based on their estimated relative standalone selling prices.Create Solutions    Create Solutions SubscriptionsOur subscriptions, mainly consisting of Unity Pro and Unity Plus (collectively, the “Create Solutions subscriptions”) are fully integrated content development solutions that enable customers to build interactive real-time 2D and 3D applications. These Create Solutions subscriptions provide customers with the rights to a software license with embedded cloud functionality and multi-platform support. Significant judgment is required to determine the level of integration and interdependency between individual promises of the Create Solutions subscriptions. This determination influences whether the software is considered distinct and accounted for separately as a license performance obligation recognized at a point in time, or not distinct and accounted for together with other promises in the Create Solutions subscriptions as a single performance obligation recognized over time. Under FASB ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (“Topic 606”), we have concluded that the software license is not distinct from the multi-platform support as they are highly interdependent and interrelated considering the significant two-way dependency between the promises. Although the promise to the embedded cloud functionality represents separate performance obligations under Topic 606, we have accounted for these obligations as if they are a single performance obligation that includes the software license and the multi-platform support because the cloud functionality has the same pattern of transfer to the customer over the duration of the subscription term.The transaction price is determined based on the consideration that we will be entitled to receive in exchange for transferring our Create Solutions subscriptions to the customer, and we do not have material variable consideration. We recognize the single performance obligation ratably over the contract term beginning when the license key is delivered.Enterprise customers may purchase an enhanced support offering (“Enterprise Support”) that is sold separately from the Create Solutions subscriptions, and is capable of being distinct, and is distinct within the context of the contract due to its separate utility. Enterprise Support is generally billed in advance and is recognized ratably over the support term as we have a stand-ready performance obligation over the support term. When an arrangement includes Enterprise Support and Create Solutions subscriptions, which have the same pattern of transfer to the customer (the services transfer to the customer over the same period), we account for those performance obligations as if they are a single performance obligation. If an arrangement includes Enterprise Support and Create Solutions subscriptions that do not have the same pattern of transfer, we allocate the transaction price to the distinct performance obligations and recognize them ratably over their respective terms.Create Solutions subscriptions typically have a term of one to three years and are generally billed in advance and recognized ratably over the term.97Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.    Professional ServicesOur professional services revenue is primarily composed of consulting, integration, training, and custom application and workflow development. Professional services may be billed in advance or on a time and materials basis and we recognize the related revenue as services are rendered.We typically invoice our customers up front or when promised services are delivered, and the payment terms vary by customer type and location. The term between billing and payment due dates is not significant. As a result, we have determined that our contracts do not include significant financing component.Customer billings related to taxes imposed by and remitted to governmental authorities on revenue-producing transactions are reported on a net basis.Operate Solutions    MonetizationWe generate advertising revenue through our monetization solutions, including the Unified Auction, which allows publishers to sell the available advertising inventory from their mobile applications to advertisers. We enter into contracts with both advertisers and publishers to participate in the Unified Auction. For advertisements placed through the Unified Auction, we evaluate whether we are the principal (in which case revenue is reported on a gross basis) or the agent (in which case revenue is reported on a net basis). The evaluation to present revenue on a gross basis versus net basis requires significant judgment. We have concluded that the publisher is our customer and we are the agent in facilitating the fulfillment of the advertising inventory in the Unified Auction primarily because we do not control the advertising inventory prior to the placement of an advertisement. As the operator of the Unified Auction, our role is to enable the publisher to monetize its advertising inventory with the advertiser based on the bid/ask price from the auction. We do not control the outcome of the bids and do not have pricing latitude in the transaction. Based on these and other factors, we report advertising revenue based on the net amount retained from the transaction which is our revenue share. Advertising revenue is recognized at a point in time when control is transferred to the customer. This occurs when a user installs an application after seeing an advertisement contracted on a cost-per-install basis or when an advertisement starts on a cost-per-impression basis. Typically, we do not retain a share of the revenue generated through Unity IAP (“In-App Purchases”). Publisher payables represent amounts earned by publishers in the Unified Auction and are presented as a reduction of revenue in our consolidated statements of operations. Payment terms are contractually defined and vary by publisher and location.    Cloud and Hosting ServicesWe provide cloud-based services as well as enterprise hosting (“Hosting Services”) to developers that develop and operate multiuser/multiplayer games and applications through a combination of hardware server and cloud-based infrastructure and services. The Hosting Services facilitate the connection of end users, and allow content game and application operators to monitor network traffic. Our cloud-based services provide our customers with tools and services to develop and operate live games and applications, including voice chat services. We primarily sell these services on a fixed fee or consumption-based model with fixed fees billed monthly in advance and consumption fees billed monthly in arrears. We recognize revenue ratably over the contractual service term for fixed fee arrangements as we have a stand-ready performance obligation that is generally fulfilled evenly throughout the hosting period. We recognize revenue for consumption-based arrangements as services are provided.98Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Strategic Partnerships and OtherWe enter into strategic contracts with owners of hardware, operating system, device, game console and other technology providers to customize our software licenses to enable interoperability with these platforms (“Strategic Partnerships”). This allows customers using our Create Solutions subscriptions to build and publish content to more than one platform without having to write platform-specific code. We consider these strategic partners as our customers and generally provide them with the following promises in our contracts: (i) development and customization of our software to integrate with the customer’s platform and (ii) post-integration ongoing support and updates.We generally view these promises as one single performance obligation as they are not distinct within the context of the contract. This is because the customized software license that is integrated with the customer’s platform requires continuous updates that are critical to the utility of the customized software.The transaction price is determined based on the consideration that we will be entitled to receive in exchange for transferring our goods and services to the customer. We do not have material variable consideration. When Strategic Partnerships contain non-monetary consideration, we measure and record the transaction price at the estimated fair value of the non-cash consideration received from the customer. Typically, we recognize revenue for these contracts over time as service is performed using the input method to measure progress of the satisfaction of the performance obligation.Certain Strategic Partnerships also require the customer to pay sales-based royalties based on the sales of games on the Strategic Partner platform that incorporate our customized software. Since customized software intellectual property is the predominant item to which royalty relates, we recognize revenue for sales-based royalties when the later of the subsequent sale or usage occurs, or the performance to which some or all of the sales-based royalty has been allocated has been satisfied. We record revenue under these arrangements for the amounts due to us based on estimates of the sales of these customers and pursuant to the terms of the contracts.The Strategic Partnerships are typically multi-year arrangements where customers make payments commensurate with milestones accomplished with respect to the development and integration service or pay in advance on a quarterly basis.Cost of RevenueCost of revenue for the delivery of software tools, support, updates and advertising consists primarily of hosting expenses, personnel costs (including salaries, stock-based compensation, and benefits) for employees associated with our product support and professional services organizations, credit card fees, third-party license fees, and allocated shared costs, including facilities, IT, and security costs, as well as amortization of related capitalized software costs and depreciation of related property and equipment.99Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Stock-Based CompensationStock-based compensation expense related to our employees and non-employee directors is calculated based on the fair value on the grant date. For restricted stock units ("RSUs"), fair value is based on the closing price of our common stock on the grant date. The fair value of stock options and purchases made under the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("2020 ESPP") is estimated using the Black-Scholes pricing model. This model requires certain assumptions be used as inputs, such as the fair value of the underlying common stock, expected term of the option before exercise, expected volatility of our common stock, expected dividend yield, and a risk-free interest rate. Options granted during the year have a maximum contractual term of ten years. We have limited historical stock option activity and therefore estimates the expected term of stock options granted using the simplified method, which represents the average of the contractual term of the stock option and its weighted-average vesting period. The expected volatility of stock options is based upon the historical volatility of a number of publicly traded companies in similar industry. We have historically not declared or paid any dividends and does not currently expect to do so in the foreseeable future. The risk-free interest rates used are based on the U.S. Department of Treasury ("U.S. Treasury") yield in effect at the time of grant for zero-coupon U.S. Treasury notes with maturities approximately equal to the expected term of the stock options.We recognize stock-based compensation expense for stock options and RSUs, on a straight-line basis, over the requisite service period, generally, a vesting period of one year to four years. We recognize stock-based compensation expense related to the 2020 ESPP on a straight-line basis over the offering period. We have elected to account for forfeitures as they occur.Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted CashWe consider all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less at date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Our cash equivalents include money market funds and commercial paper.As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, restricted cash was $10.8 million and $21.4 million, respectively. Restricted cash consists of secured letters of credit issued in connection with our operating leases. Restrictions typically lapse at the end of the lease term, and restricted cash is classified as current or non-current based on the remaining term of the restriction.Marketable SecuritiesOur marketable securities consist of investments in U.S. treasury securities, asset-backed securities, corporate bonds, commercial paper, and supranational bonds. We classify our investments in debt securities as available-for-sale at the time of purchase. We consider all debt securities as available for use in current operations, including those with maturity dates beyond one year, and therefore classify these securities as current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. Unrealized gains and losses, net of taxes, are included in accumulated other comprehensive loss, which is reflected as a separate component of stockholders’ equity in our consolidated balance sheets.These investments are considered impaired when a decline in fair value is judged to be other-than-temporary. We consider available quantitative and qualitative evidence in evaluating potential impairment of our investments on a quarterly basis. If the cost of an individual investment exceeds its fair value, we evaluate, among other factors, general market conditions, the duration and extent to which the fair value is less than cost, and our intent and ability to hold the investment. Once a decline in fair value is determined to be other-than-temporary, an impairment charge is recorded and a new cost basis in the investment is established.100Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Accounts ReceivableWe record accounts receivable at the invoiced amount. We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for any receivables we may be unable to collect, based on historical loss patterns, the number of days that billings are past due, and an evaluation of the potential risk of loss associated with delinquent accounts. In addition, we review the accounts receivable amounts due from customers that are past due to identify specific customers with known disputes or collectability issues. In determining the amount of the reserve, we make judgments about the creditworthiness of customers based on ongoing credit evaluations. Account balances are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the allowance for doubtful accounts was $5.4 million and $2.7 million, respectively. We include the allowances for doubtful accounts in accounts receivable, net, on the consolidated balance sheets.Credit Risk and ConcentrationsFinancial instruments that potentially subject us to a concentration of credit risk consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, and accounts receivable. We place our domestic and foreign cash and cash equivalents, as well as our marketable securities, with large, creditworthy financial institutions.Balances in these accounts may exceed federally insured limits at times. In general, we do not require our customers to provide collateral or other security to support accounts receivable. To reduce credit risk, management performs credit evaluations of our customers’ financial condition, as warranted, and continually analyzes the allowance for doubtful accounts, which we maintain based upon the expected collectability of accounts receivable.As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, no individual customer represented 10% or more of the aggregate receivables. For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, no individual customer represented 10% or more of total revenue.Fair Value of Financial InstrumentsWe define fair value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities which are required to be recorded at fair value, we consider the principal or most advantageous market in which to transact and the market-based risk. We apply fair value accounting for all financial assets and liabilities that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis. Goodwill, intangible assets, and other long-lived assets are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, only if impairment is indicated. The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements approximate the fair value for cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities, due to their short-term nature.Comprehensive LossComprehensive loss is comprised of net loss and other comprehensive loss. Our other comprehensive loss includes unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale investments and foreign currency translation adjustment.Property and Equipment, NetProperty and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization, computed using the straight-line method based on the estimated useful lives of the assets. Depreciation commences upon placing the asset in service. An estimated useful life of three years is used for computer and other hardware and five years is used for furniture. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the estimated useful life or the remaining term of the lease. Software is amortized over the estimated useful life or license term, generally either three to five years.The costs of repairs and maintenance are expensed when incurred, while expenditures for refurbishments and improvements that significantly add to the productive capacity or extend the useful life of an asset are capitalized.101Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Upon retirement or sale, the cost of assets disposed of and the related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts, and any resulting gain or loss is credited or charged to the consolidated statement of operations.LeasesWe determine if a contract contains a lease based on whether we have the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from the use of an identified asset and whether we have the right to direct the use of an identified asset in exchange for consideration, which relates to an asset which we do not own. Right-of-use ("ROU") assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. ROU assets are recognized as the lease liability, adjusted for lease incentives received and prepayments made. Lease liabilities are recognized at the present value of the future lease payments at the lease commencement date. The interest rate used to determine the present value of the future lease payments is our IBR because the interest rate implicit in most of our leases is not readily determinable. The IBR is a hypothetical rate based on our understanding of what our credit rating would be. Lease payments may be fixed or variable; however, only fixed payments or in-substance fixed payments are included in our lease liability calculation. Variable lease payments are recognized in operating expenses in the period in which the obligation for those payments are incurred.Convertible Senior Notes and Capped Call Transactions We account for the issuance of convertible senior notes as a single liability measured at its amortized cost. Interest expense related to the amortization of debt issuance costs are recorded in other income and expense.We record the cost of capped call transactions as a reduction of our additional paid-in capital on our consolidated balance sheets. Capped call transactions will not be remeasured as long as they continue to meet the conditions for equity classification.Business CombinationsWe allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill.Accounting for business combinations requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. Although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made are reasonable, they are based in part on historical experience and information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain. Examples of critical estimates used in valuing certain of the intangible assets we have acquired or may acquire in the future include but are not limited to:•future expected revenues and cash flows from acquired intangible assets;•the economic life used on acquired company’s trade name, trademark, existing customer relationship, and contractual relationship, as well as assumptions about the period of time the acquired trade name and trademark will continue to be used in our product portfolio;•the expected use of the acquired intangible assets; and•discount rates.These estimates are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. Unanticipated events and circumstances may occur which may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual results.Goodwill and Intangible Assets102Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price in a business combination over the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired. Intangible assets, with the exception of certain contractual relationships, that are not considered to have an indefinite useful life are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, which typically range from three to six years. Certain contractual relationships are amortized using an accelerated method of amortization, which reflects the pattern in which the economic benefits from the intangible assets are expected to be recognized.On an annual basis, we evaluate the estimated remaining useful life of purchased intangible assets and whether events or changes in circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining amortization period. No changes to the useful lives of our intangible assets were deemed necessary during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019 based on management's evaluation.SegmentsWe operate as a single operating segment. The chief operating decision maker is our Chief Executive Officer, who makes resource allocation decisions and assesses performance based on financial information presented on a consolidated basis, accompanied by disaggregated information of our revenue. Accordingly, we have determined that we have a single reportable segment and operating segment structure.Capitalized Software Costs and Software Implementation CostsWe capitalize implementation costs incurred in our cloud computing service arrangements related to enterprise software solutions (“capitalized implementation costs”) and costs associated with customized internal‑use software systems that have reached the application development stage. Such capitalized costs include external direct costs utilized in developing or obtaining the applications and payroll and payroll‑related expenses for employees, who are directly associated with the development of the applications. We capitalize such costs during the application development stage, which begins when the preliminary project stage is complete and ceases at the point in which the project is substantially complete and is ready for its intended purpose. Costs related to preliminary project activities and post implementation activities are expensed as incurred. Capitalized software costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful life, which is generally two to three years. Management evaluates the useful lives of these assets on an annual basis and tests for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that could impact the recoverability of these assets. Capitalized implementation costs are expensed over the term of the hosting arrangement, which is the fixed, non-cancellable term of the arrangement, plus any reasonably certain renewal periods.The amount of capitalized software costs and capitalized implementation costs was $1.2 million and $4.7 million, respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2021 and $0.8 million and $7.0 million, respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2020. Capitalized software costs are included in property and equipment, net, on the consolidated balance sheets. The current portion of capitalized implementation costs are included in prepaid expenses on the consolidated balance sheets, and the non-current portion of capitalized implementation costs are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets.Impairment AnalysisWe evaluate intangible assets and long-lived assets for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. This includes but is not limited to significant adverse changes in business climate, market conditions, or other events that indicate an asset’s carrying amount may not be recoverable. Recoverability of these assets is measured by comparing the carrying amount of each asset to the future undiscounted cash flows the asset is expected to generate. If the undiscounted cash flows used in the test for recoverability are less than the carrying amount of these assets, the carrying amount of such assets is reduced to fair value.We evaluate and test the recoverability of our goodwill for impairment at least annually during our fourth quarter of each calendar year or more often if and when circumstances indicate that goodwill may not be recoverable.103Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.There were no material impairments of capitalized software costs, capitalized implementation costs, intangible assets, long-lived assets, or goodwill during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019.Income TaxesWe are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes and income tax assets and liabilities, including evaluating uncertainties in the application of accounting principles and complex tax laws.We record an income tax expense (or benefit) for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations using the asset and liability method. Under this method, we recognize deferred income tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, as well as for NOL and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the tax rates that are expected to apply to taxable income for the years in which those tax assets and liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. We recognize the deferred income tax effects of a change in tax rates in the period of the enactment.We record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the net amount that we believe is more likely than not to be realized. We consider all available evidence, both positive and negative, including historical levels of income, expectations and risks associated with estimates of future taxable income, and ongoing tax planning strategies in assessing the need for a valuation allowance.We recognize tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if we believe that the position is more likely than not to be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. Although we believe that we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions (including net interest and penalties), we can provide no assurance that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be materially different. We make adjustments to these reserves in accordance with the income tax accounting guidance when facts and circumstances change, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts recorded, such differences will affect our income tax expense (or benefit) in the period in which such determination is made, and could have a material impact on our financial condition and operating results.We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within income tax expense in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Accrued interest and penalties are included in income and other taxes payable on the consolidated balance sheets.Translation of Foreign CurrenciesThe functional currency of the majority of our foreign subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in interest and other income (expense), net, on the consolidated statements of operations for the period. For U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries, all assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign currency are translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenue and expenses are translated at the average exchange rate during the period. Equity transactions are translated using historical exchange rates. For a foreign subsidiary where the local currency is the functional currency, adjustments to translate those statements into U.S. dollars are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss in stockholders’ equity.Warranties and IndemnificationsFrom time to time, we enter into certain types of contracts that contingently require us to indemnify parties against third‑party claims. These contracts primarily relate to agreements under which we indemnify customers and partners for claims arising from intellectual property infringement. The terms of such obligations vary, and the overall maximum amount of the obligations cannot be reasonably estimated. Historically, we have not been obligated to make any payments for these obligations, and no liabilities have been recorded for these obligations as of December 31, 2021 and 2020.104Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.We generally do not offer warranties for our software products. With certain customers, we will warrant that our software products will operate without material error and/or substantially in conformity with product documentation. We have not experienced any warranty claims to date, and no liabilities have been recorded as of December 31, 2021 and 2020.Research and DevelopmentResearch and development costs, which consist primarily of software development costs, are expensed as incurred. FASB ASC Topic 985‑20, Costs of Software to Be Sold, Leased or Marketed, requires development costs incurred subsequent to establishment of technological feasibility related to software incorporated in our products to be capitalized and amortized over the estimated useful lives of the related products. Based upon our product development process, technological feasibility is established upon completion of a working model. Costs incurred between completion of the working model and the point at which the product is ready for general release have not been significant. Therefore, all product development costs have been charged to research and development expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.Advertising CostsAdvertising costs are expensed as incurred as a component of sales and marketing expense in the consolidated statements of operations. Advertising expense was approximately $24.2 million, $12.3 million, and $4.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively.2. Summary of Accounting PronouncementsAccounting Pronouncements Recently AdoptedIn June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments—Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, and subsequent amendments, which requires the measurement and recognition of expected credit losses for financial assets held at amortized cost, including trade receivables. This update replaces the existing incurred loss impairment model with an expected loss methodology, which will result in more timely recognition of credit losses. The new impairment methodology eliminates the probable initial recognition threshold and, instead, estimates the expected credit losses in consideration of past events, current conditions and forecasted information. It also eliminates the concept of other-than-temporary impairment and requires credit losses related to available-for-sale debt securities to be recorded through an allowance for credit losses rather than as a reduction in the amortized cost basis of the securities.We adopted this new standard effective January 1, 2021, using the modified-retrospective approach, which resulted in a cumulative-effect adjustment of $1.5 million to accumulated deficit. We updated the following accounting policies as a result of the adoption of this guidance.Accounts ReceivableWe record accounts receivable at the original invoiced amount, net of allowances for credit losses for any potential uncollectible amounts. We make estimates of expected credit losses for the allowance for doubtful accounts based upon our assessment of various factors, including historical experience, the age of the accounts receivable balances, credit quality of our customers, current economic conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions, and other factors that may affect our ability to collect from customers. Accounts receivable deemed uncollectible are charged against the allowance for credit losses when identified. The estimated credit loss allowance is recorded as a general and administrative expense on our consolidated statement of operations. As of December 31, 2021, the allowance for credit losses was $5.4 million.105Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Marketable SecuritiesOur marketable securities consist of investments in U.S. treasury securities, asset-backed securities, corporate bonds, commercial paper, and supranational bonds. We classify our investments in debt securities as available-for-sale at the time of purchase. We consider all debt securities as available for use in current operations, including those with maturity dates beyond one year, and therefore classify these securities as current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. When the fair value of a security is below its amortized cost, the amortized cost will be reduced to its fair value if it is more likely than not that we are required to sell the impaired security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, or we have the intention to sell the security. If neither of these conditions is met, we determine whether the impairment is due to credit losses by comparing the present value of the expected cash flows of the security with its amortized cost basis. The amount of impairment recognized is limited to the excess of the amortized cost over the fair value of the security. An allowance for credit losses for the excess of amortized cost over the expected cash flows is recorded in interest income and other expense, net in our consolidated statements of operations. Impairment losses that are not credit-related are included in accumulated other comprehensive loss in stockholders’ equity.In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt—Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging—Contracts in Entity's Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity’s Own Equity. The new guidance simplifies the accounting for convertible instruments by eliminating the cash conversion and beneficial conversion feature models used to separately account for embedded conversion features as a component of equity. Consequently, a convertible debt instrument will be accounted for as a single liability measured at its amortized cost, as long as no other features require bifurcation and recognition as derivatives. The new guidance also requires the if-converted method to be applied for all convertible instruments in the diluted earnings per share calculated and include the effect of potential share settlement for instruments that may be settled in cash or shares. The new guidance is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021 with early adoption permitted, but only at the beginning of the fiscal year. We early adopted ASU 2020-06 as of January 1, 2021 with no cumulative effect upon adoption. There was no impact to the number of potentially dilutive shares in each of the periods presented.In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers. The new guidance creates an exception to the general recognition and measurement principle for contract assets and contract liabilities from contracts with customers acquired in a business combination. Under this exception, an acquirer applies Topic 606 to recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities on the acquisition date. Topic 805 generally requires the acquirer in a business combination to recognize and measure the assets it acquires and liabilities it assumes at fair value on the acquisition date. This generally will result in companies recognizing contract assets and contract liabilities at amounts consistent with those recorded by the acquiree immediately before the acquisition date. The ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning December 15, 2022. Early adoption is permitted for all entities, including adoption in an interim period. We early adopted this new standard effective January 1, 2021. The adoption resulted in immaterial changes in contract liabilities and total revenue recognized for the year ended December 31, 2021.Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet AdoptedThere were no other significant updates to the recently issued accounting standards other than as disclosed herein. Although there are several other new accounting pronouncements issued or proposed by the FASB, we do not believe any of those accounting pronouncements have had or will have a material impact on its financial position or operating results.106Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.3. RevenueDisaggregation of RevenueRevenue by SourceThe following table presents our revenue disaggregated by source (in thousands):Year Ended December 31,202120202019Create Solutions$326,636 $231,314 $168,626 Operate Solutions709,140 471,161 293,317 Strategic Partnerships and Other74,750 69,970 79,836 Total revenue$1,110,526 $772,445 $541,779 Additional information regarding our revenue by source is discussed under the heading “Revenue Recognition” in Note 1, “Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.Revenue by Geographic AreaThe following table presents our revenue disaggregated by geography, based on the invoice address of our customers (in thousands):Year Ended December 31,202120202019United States$266,825 $197,343 $151,383 Greater China (1)(2)169,330 111,037 64,784 EMEA (1)(3)414,902 279,344 184,064 APAC (1)(4)222,348 149,527 113,938 Other Americas (1)(5)37,121 35,194 27,610 Total revenue$1,110,526 $772,445 $541,779 (1)    No individual country, other than those disclosed above, exceeded 10% of our total revenue for any period presented.(2)    Greater China includes China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan.(3)    Europe, the Middle East, and Africa (“EMEA”)(4)    Asia-Pacific, excluding Greater China (“APAC”)(5)    Canada and Latin America (“Other Americas”)Contract BalancesTiming of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. Contract assets relate to performance completed in advance of scheduled billings. The primary changes in our contract assets and contract liabilities are due to our performance under the contracts and billings.Contract assets (unbilled receivables) included in accounts receivable are recorded when revenue is recognized in advance of customer invoicing. Unbilled receivables totaled $28.3 million and $26.3 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Contract liabilities (deferred revenue) relate to payments received in advance of performance under the contract. Revenue recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021 that was included in the deferred revenue balances at January 1, 2021 was $108.6 million. The satisfaction of performance obligations typically lags behind payments received under contract from customers, which may lead to an increase in our deferred revenue balance over time.107Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Remaining Performance ObligationsAs of December 31, 2021, we had total remaining performance obligations of $581.5 million, which represents the total contract transaction price allocated to undelivered performance obligations primarily for Create Solutions subscriptions, Enterprise Support, and Strategic Partnership contracts, which are generally recognized over the next one year to three years. Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which includes deferred revenue and unbilled amounts that will be recognized as revenue in future periods. This amount excludes contracts with an original expected term of one year or less and contracts for which we recognize revenue in the amount and in the same period in which we invoice for services performed. We expect to recognize $204.6 million or 35% of this revenue during the next 12 months. We expect to recognize the remaining $376.8 million or 65% of this revenue thereafter.4. Cash Equivalents and Marketable SecuritiesRestricted cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities consisted of the following as of December 31, 2021 (in thousands):Amortized CostUnrealized GainsUnrealized LossesFair ValueRestricted cash:Restricted cash$10,823 $— $— $10,823     Total restricted cash$10,823 $— $— $10,823 Cash equivalents:Money market funds$73,138 $— $— $73,138 Total cash equivalents$73,138 $— $— $73,138 Marketable securities:Commercial paper$59,792 $— $— $59,792 Asset-backed securities40,965 — (23)40,942 Corporate bonds237,735 20 (353)237,402 U.S. treasury securities272,678 1 (379)272,300 Supranational bonds71,121 1 (235)70,887 Total marketable securities$682,291 $22 $(990)$681,323 108Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Cash equivalents and marketable securities consisted of the following as of December 31, 2020 (in thousands):Amortized CostUnrealized GainsUnrealized LossesFair ValueRestricted cash:Restricted cash$21,369 $— $— $21,369 Total restricted cash$21,369 $— $— $21,369 Cash equivalents:Money market funds$660,086 $— $— $660,086 Commercial paper75,726 — — 75,726 Total cash equivalents$735,812 $— $— $735,812 Marketable securities:Asset-backed securities49,950 54 (39)49,965 Corporate bonds92,312 31 (21)92,322 U.S. treasury securities327,025 81 (56)327,050 Supranational bonds10,066 4 (1)10,069 Total marketable securities$479,353 $170 $(117)$479,406  We do not intend to sell any of the securities in an unrealized loss position and we expect to realize the full value of all these investments which may be upon maturity. We did not recognize any credit losses related to our available-for-sale debt securities during the years ended December 31, 2021,and 2020.The following table summarizes the amortized cost and fair value of our marketable securities as of December 31, 2021, by contractual years to maturity (in thousands):Amortized CostFair ValueDue within one year$381,269 $381,133 Due between one and three years301,022 300,190 Total$682,291 $681,323 There were no material realized or unrealized gains or losses, either individually or in the aggregate during the year ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.5. Fair Value MeasurementsWe categorize assets and liabilities recorded or disclosed at fair value on our consolidated balance sheets based upon the level of judgment associated with inputs used to measure their fair value. The categories are as follows:•Level 1—Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.•Level 2—Inputs are quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable for the assets or liabilities, either directly or indirectly through market corroboration, for substantially the full term of the financial instruments.•Level 3—Inputs are unobservable inputs based on our own assumptions used to measure assets and liabilities at fair value. The inputs require significant management judgment or estimation.109Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.The following table presents the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using the above input categories as of December 31, 2021 (in thousands):Level 1Level 2Level 3TotalRestricted cash:Restricted cash$10,823 $— $— $10,823 Total restricted cash$10,823 $— $— $10,823 Cash equivalents:Money market funds$73,138 $— $— $73,138 Total cash equivalents$73,138 $— $— $73,138 Marketable securities:Commercial paper$— $59,792 $— $59,792 Asset-backed securities— 40,942 — 40,942 Corporate bonds— 237,402 — 237,402 U.S. treasury securities— 272,300 — 272,300 Supranational bonds— 70,887 — 70,887 Total marketable securities$— $681,323 $— $681,323 The following table presents the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using the above input categories as of December 31, 2020 (in thousands):Level 1Level 2Level 3TotalRestricted cash:Restricted cash$21,369 $— $— 21,369 Total restricted cash$21,369 $— $— $21,369 Cash equivalents:Money market funds$660,086 $— $— $660,086 Commercial paper— 75,726 — 75,726 Total cash equivalents$660,086 $75,726 $— $735,812 Marketable securities:Asset-backed securities$— $49,965 $— $49,965 Corporate bonds— 92,322 — 92,322 U.S. treasury securities— 327,050 — 327,050 Supranational bonds— 10,069 — 10,069 Total marketable securities$— $479,406 $— $479,406 6. AcquisitionsAcquisitions are accounted for in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations, and the revenue and earnings of the acquired businesses have been included in our results from the respective dates of the acquisitions and were not material to our consolidated financial statements.110Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.The total purchase price allocated to the net assets acquired is assigned based on the fair values as of the date of acquisition. The fair value assigned to identifiable intangible assets acquired was determined using the income approach and the cost approach. We believe that these identified intangible assets will have no residual value after their estimated economic useful lives. The identifiable intangible assets are subject to amortization on a straight-line basis, as this best approximates the benefit period related to these assets.The excess of the purchase price over the identified tangible and intangible assets, less liabilities assumed, is recorded as goodwill. Goodwill is not subject to amortization and it typically is not deductible for U.S. income tax purposes.For 2021 and certain 2020 acquisitions, the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including current income taxes payable and deferred taxes, may change over the measurement period as additional information is received and certain tax returns are finalized. Accordingly, the provisional measurements of fair value of the current income taxes payable and deferred taxes are subject to change. We expect to finalize the valuation as soon as practicable, but not later than one year from the respective acquisition dates.2021 AcquisitionsWeta DigitalIn December 2021, we completed the purchase of certain assets and assembled workforce from Weta Digital,for a total consideration of approximately $1.5 billion. This amount was payable in a combination of approximately $1.0 billion in cash and the issuance of 3,468,362 shares of common stock valued at approximately $526.1 million. Weta Digital researches and develops sophisticated visual effects tools.The following table summarizes the consideration paid for Weta Digital and the estimated fair values of the assets acquired at the acquisition date (in thousands):Consideration:Cash$1,000,001 Common stock issued526,081 Fair value of total consideration transferred$1,526,082 Recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed:Intangible assets$668,400 Total identifiable net assets assumed668,400 Goodwill (1)857,682 Total$1,526,082 (1)    Goodwill reflects the expected future benefits of certain synergies and acquired assembled workforce, which does not qualify for separate recognition as an identifiable intangible asset. The goodwill balance is not subject to amortization, and because it was acquired in a taxable asset purchase it is deductible for U.S. income tax purposes over a period of 15 years.We recorded $5.9 million in transaction costs associated with the asset purchase for the year ended December 31, 2021. These costs were recorded within general and administrative expenses.The revenue and earnings of the acquired business have been included in our results since the acquisition date and are not material to our consolidated financial results.Ziva DynamicsIn December 2021, we completed the acquisition of Ziva Dynamics for total consideration of approximately $127.7 million in cash. Ziva Dynamics provides services and simulation software specializing in the development of characters to film, gaming, virtual, and augmented reality industries.111Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.The following table summarizes the consideration paid for Ziva Dynamics and the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date (in thousands):Consideration:Cash$127,653 Fair value of total consideration transferred$127,653 Recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed:Cash$2,288 Accounts receivable, net297 Other current assets642 Property and equipment, net457 Intangible assets23,200 Other assets and liabilities, net74 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities(547)Deferred revenue(493)Deferred tax liability(2,534)Total identifiable net assets assumed23,384 Goodwill (1)104,269 Total$127,653 (1)    Goodwill reflects the expected future benefits of certain synergies and acquired assembled workforce, which does not qualify for separate recognition as an identifiable intangible asset. The goodwill balance is not subject to amortization, and it is not typically deductible for Canadian income tax purposes. However, we will make an election, for Canadian tax purposes, to step-up the tax basis of Ziva Dynamics' intangibles and a portion of goodwill, offsetting the current tax implications of the step-up by using Ziva Dynamics' tax attributes (e.g. NOL). The estimated amount of goodwill that will be amortizable after the step-up election is approximately $3 million.We recorded $1.3 million in transaction costs associated with the Ziva Dynamics acquisition for the year ended December 31, 2021. These costs were recorded within general and administrative expenses.Pro forma results of operations for the Ziva Dynamics acquisition have not been presented because the acquisition is not material to the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss.ParsecIn September 2021, we completed the acquisition of Parsec for a total consideration of approximately $332.7 million in cash. Parsec designs and develops remote access streaming technology. Parsec offers a proprietary desktop capturing application primarily used for playing games through video streaming.112Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.The following table summarizes the consideration paid for Parsec and the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date (in thousands):Consideration:Cash$332,729 Fair value of total consideration transferred$332,729 Recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed:Cash$23,402 Accounts receivable, net1,349 Intangible assets43,200 Other assets and liabilities, net(124)Deferred revenue(3,121)Deferred tax liability(4,570)Total identifiable net assets assumed60,136 Goodwill (1)272,593 Total$332,729 (1)    Goodwill reflects the expected future benefits of certain synergies and acquired assembled workforce, which does not qualify for separate recognition as an identifiable intangible asset. The goodwill balance is not subject to amortization, and it is not deductible for U.S. income tax purposes.We recorded $1.3 million in transaction costs associated with the Parsec acquisition for the year ended December 31, 2021. These costs were recorded within general and administrative expenses.Pro forma results of operations for the Parsec acquisition have not been presented because the acquisition is not material to the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss.Metaverse Technologies LimitedIn June 2021, we completed the acquisition of Metaverse Technologies Limited ("Metaverse") for consideration of $45.7 million in cash.Metaverse develops first class software and solutions to prepare and optimize computer-aided design ("CAD") data, reducing time and efforts and maximizing visualization performance. Metaverse bridges the gap between complex models that are made for design or engineering and the RT3D world.113Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.The following table summarizes the consideration paid for Metaverse and the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date (in thousands):Consideration:Cash$45,721 Fair value of total consideration transferred$45,721 Recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed:Cash$1,093 Intangible assets12,340 Other assets and liabilities, net194 Income and other taxes payable(1,470)Other payable(345)Deferred revenue(507)Deferred tax liability(2,210)Total identifiable net assets assumed9,095 Goodwill (1)36,626 Total$45,721 (1)    Goodwill reflects the expected future benefits of certain synergies and acquired assembled workforce, which does not qualify for separate recognition as an identifiable intangible asset. The goodwill balance is not subject to amortization, and it is not deductible for French income tax purposes.We recorded $0.8 million in transaction costs associated with the Metaverse acquisition for the year ended December 31, 2021. These costs were recorded within general and administrative expenses.Pro forma results of operations for the Metaverse acquisition have not been presented because the acquisition is not material to the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss.Other 2021 AcquisitionsIn March 2021, we completed the acquisition of Visual Live 3D LLC ("Visual Live") for total consideration of approximately $24.8 million in cash. In aggregate, $5.1 million was attributed to intangible assets and represents acquired developed technology, customer relationships, and trademarks, $0.6 million was attributed to other assets, $19.8 million was attributed to goodwill and $0.6 million was attributed to other liabilities assumed.In November 2021, we completed the acquisition of SyncSketch for total consideration of approximately $30.4 million in cash. In aggregate, $7.8 million was attributed to intangible assets and represents acquired developed technology, customer relationships, and trademarks, $0.8 million was attributed to other assets, $23.2 million was attributed to goodwill and $1.4 million was attributed to other liabilities assumed.During the year ended December 31, 2021, we completed other acquisitions for total consideration of approximately $47.1 million payable in cash. In aggregate, $1.0 million represented cash acquired, $30.2 million was attributed to intangible assets and represented acquired developed technology, customer relationships and trademarks, $20.1 million was attributed to goodwill and $4.2 million was attributed to net liabilities assumed.These acquisitions were strategic in nature as they enhanced our product offerings. We recorded $3.8 million in transaction costs associated with these acquisitions for the year ended December 31, 2021. These costs were recorded within general and administrative expenses.114Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Unaudited Pro Forma Financial InformationThe following unaudited pro forma financial information presents the consolidated results of Weta Digital for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, giving effect to the acquisition as if it had occurred on January 1, 2020, and combines the historical financial results of Weta Digital. The unaudited pro forma financial information includes adjustments to give effect to pro forma events that are directly attributable to the acquisition. The pro forma financial information includes adjustments to amortization for intangible assets acquired and acquisition costs. The unaudited pro forma financial information is presented for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations of future periods. The unaudited pro forma financial information does not give effect to the potential impact of current financial conditions, future revenues, regulatory matters, or any anticipated synergies, operating efficiencies, or cost savings that may be associated with the acquisition. Consequently, actual results will differ from the unaudited pro forma financial information presented below (in thousands):Year Ended December 31,20212020Unaudited pro forma financial informationPro forma revenue$1,110,526 $772,445 Pro forma net loss$(640,134)$(408,291)Pro forma results of operations for the other acquisitions have not been presented because they are not material to the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, either individually or in the aggregate.2020 AcquisitionsFinger FoodIn April 2020, we completed the acquisition of 100% of the issued share capital of Finger Food for consideration of $46.8 million payable in a combination of $23.6 million in cash and the issuance of 1,030,711 shares of common stock valued at $23.1 million.Finger Food creates developer applications on top of our solutions for a variety of industries, such as automotive, construction, gaming and retail. The acquisition of Finger Food was strategic in nature as we look to create repeatable solutions from Finger Food’s projects and apply the know-how of customer engagement to our offerings.115Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.The following table summarizes the consideration paid for Finger Food and the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date (in thousands):Consideration:Cash$23,626 Common stock issued23,126 Fair value of total consideration transferred$46,752 Recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed:Cash$288 Accounts receivable, net5,758 Property and equipment, net1,307 Operating lease ROU assets4,972 Deferred tax assets1,327 Customer relationships2,900 Trademark200 Income and other taxes payable(8,109)Operating lease liabilities(4,972)Other assets and liabilities, net(293)Deferred tax liability(1,436)Total identifiable net assets assumed1,942 Goodwill44,810 Total$46,752 The acquired customer relationships and trademark intangible assets have useful lives of two years and six months, respectively. Goodwill of $44.8 million reflects the expected future benefits of certain synergies and acquired assembled workforce, which does not qualify for separate recognition as an identifiable intangible asset.Other 2020 AcquisitionsDuring the year ended December 31, 2020, we completed other acquisitions for total consideration of approximately $31.6 million payable in a combination of $29.6 million in cash and the issuance of 72,479 shares of common stock valued at $2.0 million. In aggregate, $0.4 million represented cash acquired, $9.1 million was attributed to intangible assets and represents acquired developed technology, customer relationships and trademarks, $2.6 million was attributed to other assets, $23.3 million was attributed to goodwill, and $3.8 million was attributed to other liabilities assumed. These acquisitions were strategic in nature as they enhanced our product offerings.We recorded approximately $4.1 million in transaction costs associated with acquisitions for the year ended December 31, 2020. These costs were recorded within general and administrative expenses.Pro forma results of operations for these acquisitions have not been presented because they are not material to the consolidated statements of operations.2019 AcquisitionsVivoxIn January 2019, we completed the acquisition of 100% of the issued share capital of Mercer Road Corporation ("Vivox") for consideration of $123.4 million payable in a combination of $119.0 million in cash and the issuance of 348,739 shares of common stock valued at $4.4 million.116Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Vivox provides cross-platform voice and text communication tools for social experiences where players can communicate regardless of location in game play, on any platform, whether it is mobile, personal computer or console. The acquisition of Vivox was strategic in nature as we look to deliver more services for connected games and other use cases.The acquired developed technology has an estimated useful life of six years. The acquired customer relationships and trademark intangible assets have useful lives of two years and four years, respectively. Goodwill of $94.2 million reflects the expected future benefits of certain synergies and acquired assembled workforce, which does not qualify for separate recognition as an identifiable intangible asset.deltaDNAIn September 2019, we completed the acquisition of 100% of the issued share capital of deltaDNA Limited ("deltaDNA") for consideration of $53.1 million payable in a combination of $32.8 million in cash and $20.3 million of our common stock. The total purchase price includes 928,123 common shares issued by us.deltaDNA provides analytics, messaging and ad campaign management tools to enable real-time player life-cycle management. The acquisition of deltaDNA was strategic in nature as we look to integrate deltaDNA’s engagement tools and services to support our monetization products.The acquired developed technology has an estimated useful life of six years. The acquired customer relationships and trademark intangible assets have useful lives of two years and three years, respectively. Goodwill of $35.2 million reflects the expected future benefits of certain synergies and acquired assembled workforce, which does not qualify for separate recognition as an identifiable intangible asset.ArtomatixIn December 2019, we completed the acquisition of 100% of the issued share capital of Artomatix Limited (“Artomatix”) for consideration of $48.8 million payable in a combination of $38.7 million in cash and $10.1 million of our common stock. The total purchase price includes 457,875 common shares issued by us.Artomatix offers artificial intelligence (“AI”) and machine learning powered tools to simplify and automate parts of the 3D art creation process. The acquisition of Artomatix was strategic in nature as we look to expand our offering for 3D artists in addition to developers.The acquired developed technology has an estimated useful life of six years. Goodwill of $39.0 million reflects the expected future benefits of certain synergies and acquired assembled workforce, which does not qualify for separate recognition as an identifiable intangible asset.Other 2019 AcquisitionsDuring the year ended December 31, 2019, we completed other acquisitions and purchases of intangible assets for total consideration of approximately $8.2 million. In aggregate, $0.4 million represented cash acquired, $3.5 million was attributed to intangible assets and represents acquired developed technology, $0.4 million was attributed to other assets, $4.5 million was attributed to goodwill and $0.7 million was attributed to other liabilities assumed. These acquisitions generally enhance the breadth and depth of our offerings and expand our expertise in different functional areas.We recorded $3.6 million in transaction costs associated with these acquisitions for the year ended December 31, 2019. These costs were recorded within general and administrative expenses.7. Goodwill and Intangible AssetsGoodwillGoodwill represents the excess of purchase price and related costs over the value assigned to net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired in business combinations.117Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.The following table presents the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands):Balance as of December 31, 2019$218,305 Goodwill acquired68,011 Measurement period adjustment(65)Balance as of December 31, 2020286,251 Goodwill acquired1,334,074 Measurement period adjustment(198)Balance as of December 31, 2021$1,620,127 Intangible Assets, NetThe following tables present details of our intangible assets, excluding goodwill (in thousands, except for weighted-average useful life):As of December 31, 2021Weighted-AverageUseful Life (1)(In Years)GrossCarryingAmountAccumulatedAmortizationNetCarryingAmountDeveloped technology8.8$580,204 $(52,811)$527,393 Customer relationships2.950,171 (16,980)33,191 Trademark5.760,557 (3,937)56,620 Contractual relationship8.0200,000 (2,818)197,182 Total intangible assets$890,932 $(76,546)$814,386 As of December 31, 2020Weighted-AverageUseful Life (1)(In Years)GrossCarryingAmountAccumulatedAmortizationNetCarryingAmountDeveloped technology5.8$83,688 $(32,342)$51,346 Customer relationships2.213,327 (8,682)4,645 Trademark3.33,507 (2,039)1,468 Total intangible assets$100,522 $(43,063)$57,459 (1)    Based on weighted-average useful life established as of the acquisition date.The following table presents the amortization of finite-lived intangible assets included on our consolidated statements of operations (in thousands):Year Ended December 31,202120202019Amortization expense$33,483 $17,755 $11,570 118Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.As of December 31, 2021, the estimated future amortization of finite-lived intangible assets for each of the next five years and thereafter was as follows (in thousands):2022$130,074 2023124,813 2024120,314 2025108,355 202676,918 Thereafter253,912 Total$814,386 8. Balance Sheet ComponentsThe following tables provide details of selected balance sheet items (in thousands):As ofDecember 31,2021December 31,2020Property and equipment, net:Gross property and equipmentLeasehold improvements$84,006 $65,669 Computer and other hardware74,953 58,568 Furniture27,916 23,685 Internally developed software3,508 3,301 Purchased software1,449 1,436 Construction in progress12,075 13,343 Total gross property and equipment203,907 166,002 Accumulated depreciation and amortization (1)(97,801)(70,458)Property and equipment, net$106,106 $95,544 (1)    The following table presents the depreciation and amortization of property and equipment included on our consolidated statements of operations (in thousands):Year Ended December 31,202120202019Depreciation and amortization expense$31,084 $25,219 $19,543 119Table of ContentsLong-lived Assets, Net, by Geographic AreaThe following table presents our long-lived assets, net, disaggregated by geography, which consists of our property and equipment, net, but excludes internally developed software and purchased software (in thousands):As ofDecember 31,2021December 31,2020United States$36,718 $35,494 Canada31,498 20,063 United Kingdom15,011 17,846 Greater China4,300 5,653 EMEA, excluding United Kingdom (1)12,587 11,181 APAC (1)3,052 3,546 Other Americas, excluding Canada (1)945 809 Total long-lived assets, net$104,111 $94,592 (1)    No individual country, other than those disclosed above, exceeded 10% of our total long-lived assets, net, for any period presented.As ofDecember 31,2021December 31,2020Accrued expenses and other current liabilities:Accrued expenses$60,937 $53,535 Accrued compensation83,936 52,771 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities$144,873 $106,306 Sales CommissionsWe consider internal sales commissions as incremental costs of obtaining the contract with a customer. We apply a practical expedient to expense incremental costs incurred if the period of the benefit is one year or less. Incremental costs that have a period of benefit greater than one year are capitalized and amortized over the estimated period of benefit. Capitalized commissions, net of amortization, are included in other current assets and other assets on our consolidated balance sheets. We capitalized $14.8 million and $8.8 million of sales commissions for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.As of December 31, 2021, capitalized commissions, net of amortization, included in other current assets and other assets were $7.9 million and $8.7 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2020, capitalized commissions, net of amortization, included in other current assets and other assets were $2.9 million and $4.4 million, respectively.Capitalized commissions are amortized over the expected period of benefit, which we have determined, based on analysis, to be three years. Amortization of capitalized commissions are included in sales and marketing expenses on our consolidated statements of operations. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we amortized $5.6 million and $1.5 million of capitalized commissions, respectively. We did not incur any impairment losses for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.120Table of Contents9. LeasesWe have operating leases for offices which have remaining lease terms of less than one year to 10 years, some of which include options to extend the lease with renewal terms from one to five years. Some leases include an option to terminate the lease from less than one year up to five years from the lease commencement date.Components of lease expense were as follows (in thousands):Year EndedDecember 31, 2021December 31,2020Operating lease expense, excluding ROU asset impairment$29,153 $29,265 Short-term lease expense728 953 Variable lease expense5,048 5,013 Sublease income(325)(130)Total lease expense$34,604 $35,101 Other information related to operating leases was as follows (in thousands):Year EndedDecember 31, 2021December 31, 2020Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities$29,811 $29,336 Operating lease ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities$18,507 $24,647 As of December 31, 2021, our operating leases had a weighted-average remaining lease term of 5.9 years and a weighted-average discount rate of 4.3%. As of December 31, 2020, our operating leases had a weighted-average remaining lease term of 6.0 years and a weighted-average discount rate of 4.5%.As of December 31, 2021, future minimum lease payments under our non-cancellable operating leases were as follows (in thousands):Operating Leases (1)2022$28,193 202324,968 202421,409 202516,242 202610,174 Thereafter31,547 Total future minimum lease payments132,533 Less: imputed interest(16,265)Present value of lease liabilities$116,268 (1)    Excludes future minimum payments for leases which have not yet commenced as of December 31, 2021.As of December 31, 2021, we had entered into leases that have not yet commenced with future minimum lease payments of $8.8 million that are not yet reflected on our consolidated balance sheets. These operating leases will commence in 2022 with lease terms of 2.1 years to 5.4 years.In August 2018, we entered into a lease agreement for approximately 150,000 square feet of office space in San Francisco, California. In June 2021, we entered into an agreement to terminate the lease, which involved a one-time payment of $43.5 million, all of which was recorded in general and administrative expense on our consolidated statement of operations.121Table of Contents10. BorrowingsCredit AgreementOn December 20, 2019, we entered into a revolving credit agreement (the “Credit Agreement”), which provided for a committed revolving loan facility of up to $125.0 million (the “Revolving Facility”) and included a $20.0 million letter of credit subfacility (the “LC Capacity” and together with the Revolving Facility, the “Credit Facility”). Borrowings under the Credit Facility were available for working capital and general corporate purposes. The Credit Facility had a maturity date of December 20, 2024.At our option, we were to specify whether the loans made under the Revolving Facility were an Alternate Base Rate (“ABR”) borrowing or a Eurodollar borrowing, which then determined the annual interest rate. ABR borrowings bore interest at the ABR plus 0.50%. Eurodollar borrowings bore interest at the adjusted LIBO Rate plus 1.50%.The ABR equaled the greatest of (i) the prime rate, (ii) the federal funds rate plus 0.50%, and (iii) the sum of the adjusted one-month LIBO Rate for a Eurodollar borrowing plus 1.00%. The ABR was subject to a floor of 1.00%.For ABR borrowings, interest was payable on the last day of March, June, September, and December of each year. For Eurodollar borrowings, interest was payable on the last day of each interest period for the applicable borrowing, and if such interest period extended over three months, each day prior to the last day of each three-month interval during such interest period.Commitments under the Revolving Facility are subject to a commitment fee of 0.25% on the difference between the total committed amount of the Revolving Facility on the one hand, and the amount drawn thereunder plus the aggregate amount of LC Capacity used on the other. An annual letter of credit fee of 1.50% of the average daily undrawn amount of the letters of credit issued thereunder was also payable quarterly. Letters of credit issued under the letter of credit subfacility were subject to a fronting fee of 0.125% on the average daily undrawn amount on such letters of credit.In March 2020, we borrowed the full $125.0 million amount as a Eurodollar borrowing under the Revolving Facility. In September 2020, we repaid the $125.0 million of indebtedness under the Credit Facility using a portion of the net proceeds we received from our IPO.In connection with this borrowing, we recognized $1.1 million and $1.5 million in expense primarily related to the interest cost associated with this borrowing, commitment fees on the undrawn portion, and amortization of debt issuance costs during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. This amount is reported within "Interest expense" on our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss.Under the Credit Agreement, we were to maintain a minimum liquidity balance of $75.0 million as of the last day of the most recently completed four consecutive fiscal quarters, which commenced on June 30, 2020. The Credit Agreement contained customary conditions to borrowing, representations and warranties, events of default and covenants, including covenants that restrict our ability to incur indebtedness, grant liens, make investments, undergo corporate changes, make dispositions, prepay other indebtedness, pay dividends or other distributions and engage in transactions with our affiliates. The obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by a perfected security interest in (i) all of our tangible and intangible assets, except for certain customary excluded assets, and (ii) all of our ownership in capital stock of restricted subsidiaries (limited, in the case of the stock of non-U.S. subsidiaries and U.S. subsidiaries that have no material assets other than equity interests and/or indebtedness in foreign subsidiaries that are controlled foreign corporations, to 65% of the capital stock of such subsidiaries). The obligations under the Credit Agreement are also guaranteed by our existing and subsequently acquired or formed material domestic subsidiaries.In April 2021, we terminated without penalty our Credit Agreement. There was no outstanding indebtedness under the Credit Facility, and we determined that the Credit Facility was no longer necessary. We were in compliance in all material respects with the covenants in the Credit Agreement through April 2021, when the Credit Agreement was terminated.122Table of ContentsConvertible NotesIn November 2021, we issued an aggregate of $1.7 billion principal amount of 0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026, including the exercise in full by the initial purchasers of their option to purchase up to an additional $225.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes, pursuant to an Indenture dated as of November 19, 2021 (the “Indenture”), between us and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. The net proceeds from the issuance of the 2026 Notes were $1.7 billion, net of debt issuance costs and cash used to purchase the capped call transactions ("Capped Call Transactions") discussed below. The debt issuance costs are amortized to interest expense using the straight-line method, which approximates the effective interest method.The 2026 Notes are general unsecured obligations which do not bear regular interest and for which the principal balance will not accrete. We may elect for special interest to accrue on the 2026 Notes as the sole remedy for any failure by us to comply with certain reporting requirements for the first 365 days after the occurrence of such failure under the Indenture. Special interest will accrue for any failure by us to comply with certain reporting requirements during the six-month period beginning on, and including, the date that is six months after the last date of original issuance of the 2026 Notes. Special interest will also accrue if, and for so long as, the restrictive legend on the 2026 Notes has not been removed, the 2026 Notes are assigned a restricted CUSIP number or the 2026 Notes are not otherwise freely tradeable by holders other than our affiliates as of the de-legending deadline date set forth in the Indenture until the restrictive legend has been removed from the 2026 Notes, the 2026 Notes are assigned an unrestricted CUSIP number and the 2026 Notes are freely tradable. Holders of the 2026 Notes may receive special interest under specified circumstances as outlined in the Indenture. Special interest, if any, will be payable semiannually in arrears on November 15 and May 15 of each year, beginning on May 15, 2022 (if and to the extent that special interest is then payable on the 2026 Notes). The 2026 Notes will mature on November 15, 2026 unless earlier converted, redeemed, or repurchased.The 2026 Notes are convertible into cash, shares of our common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election, at an initial conversion rate of 3.2392 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of 2026 Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $308.72 per share of our common stock. The conversion rate is subject to customary adjustments for certain events as described in the Indenture governing the 2026 Notes.We may not redeem the Notes prior to November 20, 2024. We may redeem for cash all or any portion of the 2026 Notes, at our option, on or after November 20, 2024 if the last reported sale price of our common stock has been at least 130% of the conversion price then in effect for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any 30-consecutive-trading-day period (including the last day of such period), ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which we provide notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2026 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid special interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. If we redeem less than all the outstanding 2026 Notes, at least $150.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2026 Notes must be outstanding and not subject to redemption as of, and after giving effect to, delivery of the relevant notice of redemption. No sinking fund is provided for the convertible notes, which means that we are not required to redeem or retire them periodically.Holders of the 2026 Notes may convert all or a portion of their 2026 Notes at their option at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding August 15, 2026, in multiples of $1,000 principal amounts, only under the following circumstances:•during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on March 31, 2022 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price of our common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130% of the applicable conversion price of the 2026 Notes on each such trading day;123Table of Contents•during the five business day period after any ten consecutive trading day period in which the trading price per $1,000 principal amount of the 2026 Notes for each trading day of that ten consecutive trading day period was less than 98% of the product of the last reported sale price of our common stock and the applicable conversion rate of the 2026 Notes on each such trading day;•if we call such 2026 Notes for redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date, but only with respect to the 2026 Notes called (or deemed called) for redemption; or•on the occurrence of specified corporate events set forth in the Indenture.On or after August 15, 2026, the 2026 Notes are convertible at any time until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, regardless of the foregoing circumstances.In connection with a make-whole fundamental change, as defined in the Indenture, or in connection with certain corporate events that occur prior to the maturity date or following our issuance of a notice of redemption, in each case as described in the Indentures, we will increase the conversion rate for a holder of the 2026 Notes who elects to convert its 2026 Notes in connection with such a corporate event or during the related redemption period in certain circumstances. Additionally, in the event of a fundamental change, subject to certain limitations described in the Indenture, holders of the 2026 Notes may require us to repurchase all or a portion of the 2026 Notes at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of 2026 Notes to be repurchased, plus any accrued and unpaid special interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date.We accounted for the issuance of the 2026 Notes as a single liability measured at its amortized cost, as no other embedded features require bifurcation and recognition as derivatives.As ofDecember 31, 2021Convertible note:Principal$1,725,000 Unamortized debt issuance cost(21,965)Net carrying amount$1,703,035 Interest expense related to the amortization of debt issuance costs was $0.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021.As of December 31, 2021, the if-converted value of the 2026 Notes did not exceed the principal amount. The sale price for conversion was not satisfied as of December 31, 2021 for the 2026 Notes. The 2026 Notes were not eligible for conversion as of December 31, 2021.Capped Call TransactionsIn connection with the pricing of the 2026 Notes, we entered into the Capped Call Transactions with certain counterparties at a net cost of $48.1 million with call options totaling approximately 5.6 million of our common shares, and expiration dates beginning on September 18, 2026 and ending on November 12, 2026. The strike price of the Capped Call Transactions is $308.72, and the cap price is initially $343.02 per share of our common stock and is subject to certain adjustments under the terms of the Capped Call Transactions. The Capped Call Transactions are freestanding and are considered separately exercisable from the 2026 Notes.124Table of ContentsThe Capped Call Transactions are intended to reduce potential dilution to our common stock upon any conversion of the 2026 Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted 2026 Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap based on the cap price described above. The cost of the Capped Call Transactions was recorded as a reduction of our additional paid-in capital on our consolidated balance sheets. The Capped Call Transactions will not be remeasured as long as they continue to meet the conditions for equity classification. As of December 31, 2021, the Capped Call Transactions were not in the money.11. Commitments and ContingenciesThe following table summarizes our non-cancelable contractual commitments as of December 31, 2021 (in thousands):Total20222023-20242025-2026ThereafterPurchase commitments (1)$692,215 $116,865 $279,744 $295,606 $— (1)    The substantial majority of our purchase commitments are related to agreements with our data center hosting providers.Data Center Hosting CommitmentsIn September 2021, we entered into an amended cloud service agreement with an additional term of five years beginning on the amendment date. In December 2021, we entered into an amended commitment agreement to increase the annual commitments over the contract term. Under the agreement and amendment, we were granted access to use certain cloud services. Minimum annual commitments increase annually over the term of the agreement. The aggregate value of all annual minimum commitments over the contract term is $700.0 million over five years. Total spend under the original and amended cloud service agreements for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019 was approximately $117.7 million, $63.2 million, and $32.7 million, respectively. The total spend under the amended cloud service agreement for the year ended December 31, 2021 was $32.9 million. We expect to meet our remaining commitment.Legal MattersIn the normal course of business, we are subject to various legal matters. We accrue a liability when management believes that it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. We also disclose material contingencies when we believe a loss is not probable but reasonably possible. Legal costs related to such potential losses are expensed as incurred. In addition, recoveries are shown as a reduction in legal costs in the period in which they are realized. With respect to our outstanding matters, based on our current knowledge, we believe that the resolution of such matters will not, either individually or in aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business or our consolidated financial statements. However, litigation is inherently uncertain, and the outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty. Accordingly, cash flows or results of operations could be materially affected in any particular period by the resolution of one or more of these matters.IndemnificationsIn the ordinary course of business, we may provide indemnifications of varying scope and terms to customers, vendors, lessors, investors, directors, officers, employees and other parties with respect to certain matters. Indemnification may include losses from our breach of such agreements, services we provide, or third-party intellectual property infringement claims. These indemnifications may survive termination of the underlying agreement and the maximum potential amount of future indemnification payments may not be subject to a cap. As of December 31, 2021, there were no known events or circumstances that have resulted in a material indemnification liability to us and we did not incur material costs to defend lawsuits or settle claims related to these indemnifications.125Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Letters of CreditWe had $10.8 million and $21.4 million of secured letters of credit outstanding as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These primarily relate to our office space leases and are fully collateralized by certificates of deposit which we record in restricted cash on our consolidated balance sheets based on the term of the remaining restriction.12. Stockholders’ Equity and Employee Compensation PlansStockholders' EquityEmployee Compensation Plans2009 Stock Plan, 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, and 2020 Equity Incentive PlanThe Company adopted the 2009 Stock Plan, 2019 Stock Incentive Plan ("2019 Stock Plan") and the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan ("2020 Plan"), primarily for the purpose of granting stock-based awards to employees and non-employee directors. Upon the effectiveness of the 2020 Plan in August 2020, no further grants may be made under the Company's 2009 Stock Plan and 2019 Stock Plan. Any options or awards outstanding under the 2009 Stock Plan and 2019 Stock Plan remained outstanding and effective. Any shares under 2009 Stock Plan and 2019 Stock Plan that expire, or are forfeited, cancelled, withheld, or reacquired will become available for new grant under the 2020 Plan.The 2020 Plan provides for the grant of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance awards, and other forms of awards to employees, directors, and consultants, including employees and consultants of our affiliates.The exercise price of stock options granted under the 2020 Plan must be at least equal to the fair market value of a share of our common stock on grant date and the exercise price of incentive stock options granted to any participant, who owns more than 10% of the total voting power of all classes of our outstanding stock, must be at least 110% of the fair market value on the grant date.The term of a stock option and stock appreciation right may not exceed 10 years, except with respect to any participant who owns 10% of the voting power of all classes of our outstanding stock, the term of an incentive stock option may not exceed five years.As of December 31, 2021, we had reserved a total of 77.1 million shares of common stock under the 2020 Plan, of which 34.2 million were available for grant.2020 Employee Stock Purchase PlanOur board of directors adopted the 2020 ESPP in August 2020 and our stockholders approved the 2020 ESPP in September 2020. The 2020 ESPP permits participants to purchase shares of our common stock through payroll deductions of up to 15% of their earnings. Unless otherwise determined by the administrator, the purchase price of the shares will be 85% of the lower of the fair market value of our common stock on (i) the first day of an offering or (ii) on the date of purchase. No participant may purchase more than 1,000 shares of common stock in any one offering period. Participants may end their participation at any time during an offering and will be paid their accrued contributions that have not yet been used to purchase shares. Participation ends automatically upon termination of employment with us.The maximum number of shares of our common stock that may be issued under our 2020 ESPP is 8.0 million shares, all of which were available for issuance as of December 31, 2021. The number of shares reserved and available for issuance under the 2020 ESPP will automatically increase on January 1 of each year, beginning on January 1, 2021 through January 31, 2030, by 1.0% of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year.126Table of ContentsEmployee 401(k) PlanWe have a qualified defined contribution plan under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. U.S. full-time employees qualify for participation in the plan. Contribution to the plan is under our discretion. For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, we contributed and expensed $9.1 million, $6.8 million, and $5.9 million, respectively, to the plan.Defined Contribution Pension PlanFor other operations outside the United States, we have a defined contribution pension plan. We contribute up to 10% of total salary into the plan annually when employees contribute to the plan. For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, we contributed and expensed $18.3 million, $10.6 million, and $7.1 million, respectively, to the plan.13. Stock‑Based CompensationWe recorded stock-based compensation expense related to grants to employees, including those in connection with modified awards, on our consolidated statements of operations as follows (in thousands):Year Ended December 31,202120202019Cost of revenue$24,811 $10,626 $3,198 Research and development165,604 66,038 13,521 Sales and marketing70,663 23,769 6,124 General and administrative86,081 34,196 21,637 Total stock-based compensation expense$347,159 $134,629 $44,480 As of December 31, 2021, there was unrecognized compensation expense related to outstanding stock options of $103.6 million to be recognized over the weighted-average remaining vesting period of 2.15 years. As of December 31, 2021, there was unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested restricted stock units of $1.0 billion to be recognized over the weighted-average remaining vesting period of 2.95 years. As of December 31, 2021, there was unrecognized compensation expense related to our 2020 ESPP of $1.7 million to be recognized over the weighted-average vesting period of 0.17 years. In future periods, stock-based compensation expense may increase as we issue additional equity-based awards to continue to attract and retain employees.In March 2021, we entered into a separation agreement with our former Chief Financial Officer. The agreement provided for payment of a one-time lump-sum severance benefit of $0.3 million, payment for coverage under COBRA and modification of her equity awards. Incremental stock-based compensation expense of $12.6 million in connection with the modified equity awards was recorded in general and administrative expense in the year ended December 31, 2021. The one-time lump-sum severance benefit of $0.3 million was paid in full as of December 31, 2021 and was recorded in general and administrative expense.In November 2019, we entered into a separation agreement with our former Chief People Officer. Our Board of Directors (excluding the CEO) approved the agreement providing for payment of her earned bonus, payment for coverage under COBRA and modification of her equity awards. Incremental stock-based compensation expense of $13.5 million in connection with the modified equity awards was recorded in general and administrative expense in the year ended December 31, 2019.127Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Stock OptionsA summary of our stock option activity under the 2009 Stock Plan, 2019 Stock Plan, and 2020 Plan is as follows:Options OutstandingStockOptionsOutstandingWeighted-AverageExercisePriceWeighted-AverageRemainingContractualTerm (In Years)Balance as of December 31, 201942,728,180 $5.77 7.35Granted5,348,737 $21.03 Exercised(6,758,226)$3.76 Forfeited, cancelled, or expired(860,816)$10.35 Balance as of December 31, 202040,457,875 $8.03 6.87Granted1,325,352 $107.10 Exercised(11,650,963)$5.72 Forfeited, cancelled, or expired(906,223)$13.23 Balance as of December 31, 202129,226,041 $13.28 6.26Exercisable as of December 31, 202120,056,867 $6.15 5.46In 2014, we issued nonplan options to purchase 4,250,000 shares of common stock, 8,500,000 when taking into account the 2:1 forward stock split we effected in 2017, to our CEO with an exercise price of $2.85 per share. These options vested over four years and were immediately exercisable. We accepted a promissory note receivable from our CEO in consideration for the early exercise of these nonplan options. The note receivable, totaling $12.1 million, bore interest at a rate of 1.72% and had a term of seven years. The promissory note receivable was considered nonrecourse. Due to the nonrecourse nature of the note, the resulting exercise of the nonplan options was determined to not be substantive. Therefore, we did not reflect the exercise of the stock options or the note receivable for accounting purposes on our consolidated balance sheets at the time the promissory note was executed. The shares issued were considered restricted until the note was repaid.During 2016, $4.2 million of the note was partially repaid and an amended promissory note was put in place for an amount of $8.0 million bearing interest at a rate of 1.72% and with a remaining term of five years. For accounting and reporting purposes, the repayment of the note was considered to be a $4.2 million exercise of stock options during the year ended December 31, 2016. In June 2020, our CEO fully repaid the $8.0 million principal balance and $0.9 million in related interest of the nonrecourse promissory note that we issued in 2016. For accounting and reporting purposes, the repayment of the note was considered to be an $8.9 million exercise of stock options during the year ended December 31, 2020.The aggregate pretax intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, was $1,394.7 million, $441.0 million, and $92.0 million respectively. The intrinsic value is the difference between the estimated fair value of our common stock on the date of exercise and the exercise price for in-the-money options. The weighted-average grant-date fair value of stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, was $39.05, $10.66, and $8.39 per share, respectively. The fair value of stock options vested during the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019, was $48.9 million, $44.1 million, and $27.8 million, respectively.128Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.The calculated grant-date fair value of stock options granted was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions:Year EndedDecember 31, 2021December 31, 2020December 31, 2019Expected dividend yield———Risk-free interest rate0.9% - 1.3%0.4% - 0.6%1.6% - 2.5%Expected volatility32.9% - 36.2%33.8% - 36.3%34.0% - 34.7%Expected term (in years)6.256.006.25Fair value of underlying common stock$100.60 - $152.34$22.00 - $152.00$12.66 - $22.09Restricted Stock UnitsA summary of our RSU activity under the 2019 Stock Plan and 2020 Plan is as follows:Unvested Restricted Stock UnitsNumber ofSharesWeighted-AverageGrant-DateFair ValueUnvested as of December 31, 20192,849,378 $22.06 Granted7,706,961 $62.26 Vested(804,312)$28.55 Forfeited(190,236)$28.47 Unvested as of December 31, 20209,561,791 $53.79 Granted8,060,505 $112.11 Vested(3,131,986)$58.23 Forfeited(793,474)$73.36 Unvested as of December 31, 202113,696,836 $85.96 The total fair value of RSUs vested as of the vesting dates during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was $442.1 million and $85.9 million, respectively. No RSUs vested during the year ended December 31, 2019. The RSUs granted prior to our IPO are subject to both a service-based vesting condition, which is satisfied over one to four years, and a liquidity event vesting condition, which was satisfied upon the completion of our IPO in September 2020. In the third quarter of 2020, we recorded cumulative stock-based compensation expense of $47.8 million related to all then-outstanding RSUs as the liquidity event vesting condition was satisfied upon the completion of our IPO.129Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Employee Stock Purchase PlanThe first offering period under the 2020 ESPP began on September 1, 2021 and ends on February 28, 2022. The fair value of stock purchase rights granted under the 2020 ESPP was estimated using the following assumptions:Year EndedDecember 31, 2021Expected dividend yield—Risk-free interest rate0.1%Expected volatility27.2%Expected term (in years)0.50Estimated fair value$28.6414. Income TaxesLoss before provision for income taxes consisted of the following for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019 (in thousands):Year Ended December 31,202120202019United States$(318,907)$(185,580)$(120,135)Foreign(212,323)(94,637)(33,107)Total$(531,230)$(280,217)$(153,242)The components of the provision for income taxes consists of the following for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019 (in thousands):Year Ended December 31,202120202019Current:U.S. federal$(111)$183 $331 State219 155 108 Foreign13,594 4,412 14,186 Total current tax expense (benefit)13,702 4,750 14,625 Deferred:U.S. federal(4,874)— (6,746)State(851)(156)(1,147)Foreign(6,600)(2,503)3,216 Total deferred tax expense (benefit)(12,325)(2,659)(4,677)Total tax provision$1,377 $2,091 $9,948 130Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Reconciliations of the income tax provision at the U.S. federal statutory tax rate to the provision for income taxes are as follows (in thousands):Year Ended December 31,20212020 (1)2019U.S. federal statutory tax rate$(111,558)$(58,846)$(32,181)Changes in income taxes resulting from:State tax expense, net of federal benefit(36,984)(12,698)(4,865)Foreign income taxed at different rates(30,114)(29,958)7,695 Federal Research and development credits(31,088)(12,338)(5,756)Stock-based compensation(91,623)(22,624)(5,305)Change in valuation allowance301,330 139,219 49,477 Other1,414 (664)883 Total tax provision$1,377 $2,091 $9,948 (1)    Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation.Our income tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily driven by the earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, which are taxed at rates that differ from the U.S. statutory rate, losses that cannot be benefited due to the valuation allowance against the net deferred tax assets of our United States, Denmark, and United Kingdom entities, gain recognized from an intercompany transaction with our subsidiary in Israel, and an income tax benefit recognized as a result of a partial release of our valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets in connection with business combinations. Our income tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily driven by earnings of our foreign subsidiaries which are taxed at rates that differ from the U.S. statutory tax rate and losses that cannot be benefited due to the valuation allowance on United States and Denmark entities. Our income tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2019 was primarily driven by $8.5 million tax expense related to an intercompany transaction with a subsidiary.131Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.The types of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of our deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are set forth below (in thousands):As of December 31,20212020 (1)Deferred tax assets:Net operating losses$332,622 $118,244 Tax credits81,847 35,630 Accruals and reserves9,261 8,537 Deferred revenue5,683 4,960 Stock-based compensation29,647 20,394 Charitable contribution13,707 13,834 Capitalized R&D expenditures94,686 56,596 Depreciation and amortization— 4,300 Operating lease liabilities24,137 22,477 Other1,134 150 Gross deferred tax assets592,724 285,122 Valuation allowance(568,124)(265,781)Total deferred tax assets24,600 19,341 Deferred tax liabilities:Depreciation and amortization(4,469)— Operating lease right-of-use assets(20,467)(19,341)Other— (260)Total deferred tax liabilities(24,936)(19,601)Net deferred tax assets$(336)$(260)(1)    Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation.The realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character in future periods. We regularly assess the ability to realize our deferred tax assets and establish a valuation allowance if it is more-likely-than-not that some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. We weigh all available positive and negative evidence, including our earnings history and results of recent operations, scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies. Due to the weight of objectively verifiable negative evidence, including our history of losses, we believe that it is more likely than not that our U.S. federal, state, and certain foreign deferred tax assets will not be realized as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, and as such, we have maintained a full valuation allowance against such deferred tax assets. For the period ended December 31, 2021, we determined that due to the weight of objectively verifiable negative evidence, our U.K. deferred tax assets are no longer more likely than not to be realized in the future and a full valuation allowance was recorded.132Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.The amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable, however, could be adjusted if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period are reduced or increased or if objective negative evidence in the form of cumulative losses is no longer present and additional weight may be given to subjective evidence such as our projections for growth. In the event we determine that we will be able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax assets in the future, the valuation allowance against deferred tax assets will be reversed in the period in which we make such determination. The release of a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets may cause greater volatility in the effective tax rate in the periods in which the valuation allowance is released. The valuation allowance against our U.S. federal, state and foreign deferred tax assets increased by $302.3 million and $142.4 million in the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase in the valuation allowance in the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was primarily related to deferred tax assets for which insufficient positive evidence exists to support their realizability.In the tax year ended December 31, 2021, we capitalized certain research and development costs incurred by our foreign subsidiary, which resulted in a deferred tax asset of $38.1 million. This deferred tax asset for the capitalized research and development costs is offset by a valuation allowance.Our NOL carryforwards for U.S. federal, state, and foreign purposes were $1.0 billion, $392.2 million, and $449.8 million, respectively, with most of our foreign NOL carryforward balances arising from Denmark and the U.K. jurisdictions. The NOL carryforwards, if not utilized, will begin to expire in 2032, 2024, and 2039, respectively. Our U.S. federal, state, and foreign research and development credit carryforwards were $69.2 million, $28.4 million and $6.2 million, respectively. The U.S. federal credit carryforwards, if not utilized, will begin to expire in 2032, while the California credit carryforwards have no expiration. The foreign credit carryforwards, if not utilized, will begin to expire in 2041.Federal and state tax laws impose restrictions on the utilization of NOL and research and development credit carryforwards in the event of a change in ownership of our business as defined by the Internal Revenue Code, Sections 382 and 383. Under Section 382 and 383 of the Code, substantial changes in our ownership may limit the amount of NOL and research and development credit carryforwards that are available to offset taxable income. The annual limitation would not automatically result in the loss of NOL or research and development credit carryforwards but may limit the amount available in any given future period.We are maintaining our reinvestment assertion with respect to foreign earnings for the period ended December 31, 2021, which is that all earnings are permanently reinvested for all jurisdictions. Based on our reinvestment assertion and losses from our foreign entities, we have not recorded a liability for the period ended December 31, 2021.A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of total gross unrecognized tax benefits, excluding accrued net interest and penalties, is as follows (in thousands):As of December 31,20212020 (1)2019 (1)Unrecognized tax benefits, beginning balance$74,670 $37,392 $23,980 Gross increases for tax positions taken in prior years1,729 1,689 1,565 Gross decreases for tax positions taken in prior years(2,507)(694)(6,239)Gross increases for tax positions taken in current year38,406 38,829 19,398 Gross decreases for tax positions taken in current year— — — Reductions resulting from lapses of statues of limitations(1,700)(2,952)(1,258)Foreign exchange gains and losses(283)406 (54)Unrecognized tax benefits, ending balance$110,315 $74,670 $37,392 (1)    Certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation.133Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, we had unrecognized tax benefits of $110.3 million and $74.7 million, respectively, of which $11.9 million and $9.0 million would affect the effective tax rate if recognized. We recognize interest and penalties related to our unrecognized tax benefits within our provision for income taxes. The amount of interest and penalties accrued as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 were $2.5 million and $2.2 million, respectively, of which $0.3 million and $(0.2) million was accrued in the period ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.We are subject to taxation in the United States and various other state and foreign jurisdictions. The material jurisdictions in which we are subject to potential examination include the United States and Denmark. Our 2012 and subsequent tax years remain open to examination by the Internal Revenue Service. Our 2018 and subsequent tax years remain open to examination in Denmark.We believe that adequate amounts have been reserved in accordance with ASC 740 for any adjustments to the provision for income taxes or other tax items that may ultimately result from examinations. The timing of the resolution, settlement, and closure of any audits is highly uncertain, and it is reasonably possible that the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits could significantly change in the next 12 months. Given the number of years remaining that are subject to examination, we are unable to estimate the full range of possible adjustments to the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits. If the taxing authorities prevail in the assessment of additional tax due, the assessed tax, interest, and penalties, if any, could have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.15. Net Loss per Share of Common StockBasic net loss per share attributable to our common stockholders is computed using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period, less shares subject to repurchase.Diluted net loss per share is computed by giving effect to all potentially dilutive common stock outstanding for the period, including stock options and RSUs, using the treasury stock method, and the 2026 Notes, using the if-converted method.Diluted net loss per share is the same as basic net loss per share for all periods presented because the effects of potentially dilutive items were antidilutive given our net loss in each period presented.The following table presents the calculation of basic and diluted net loss per share (in thousands, except per share data):Year Ended December 31,202120202019Basic and diluted net loss per shareNumerator:Net loss$(532,607)$(282,308)$(163,190)Add: Deemed dividends representing excess paid over initial issuance price to repurchase convertible preferred stock— — (110,241)Net loss attributable to our common stockholders$(532,607)$(282,308)$(273,431)Denominator:Weighted-average common shares used in per share computation, basic and diluted282,195 169,973 114,442 Net loss per share, basic and diluted$(1.89)$(1.66)$(2.39)134Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.The following table presents the forms of antidilutive potential common shares excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share for the following periods (in thousands):Year Ended December 31,202120202019Convertible preferred stock— — 95,899 Convertible notes9,091 — — Stock options29,226 40,458 42,728 Unvested RSUs13,697 10,366 2,849 16. Subsequent EventsIn January 2022, we completed the acquisition of a company that provides 2D art creation tools and game templates with the goal of providing consumers the ability to create, play, and share their own 2D games. The purchase consideration for this acquisition was approximately $50.0 million, payable with a combination of cash and common stock. Prior to the completion of the acquisition, we held a minority investment in the acquired company that we accounted for using the equity method of accounting.Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial DisclosureNone.Item 9A. Controls and Procedures(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and ProceduresUnder the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ("Exchange Act"), as of the end of the period covered by this report.In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs.Based on management’s evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to, and are effective to, provide assurance at a reasonable level that the information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.(b) Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial ReportingUnder the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principle executive officer and principle financial officer, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. We conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.135Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2021. Management reviewed the results of its assessment with our Audit Committee. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021 has been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report, which appears in this Item under the heading "Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm."(c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial ReportingUnder the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that there has not been any material change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter covered by this report that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting, despite the fact that the majority of our employees are continuing to work remotely due to the COVID-19 pandemic. We are continually monitoring and assessing the COVID-19 situation on our internal controls to understand the potential impact on their design and operating effectiveness.(d) Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures and Internal Control Over Financial ReportingOur management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Due to inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected.136Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting FirmTo the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Unity Software Inc.Opinion on Internal Control over Financial ReportingWe have audited Unity Software Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Unity Software Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on the COSO criteria.We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the 2021 consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated February 22, 2022 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.Basis for OpinionThe Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial ReportingA company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate./s/ Ernst & Young LLPSan Jose, CaliforniaFebruary 22, 2022137Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Item 9B. Other InformationNone.Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent InspectionsNot applicable.138Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.PART IIICertain information required by Part III is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the year ended December 31, 2021 (the “Proxy Statement”).Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate GovernanceWe maintain a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that incorporates our code of ethics applicable to all employees, including all directors and executive officers. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is published on our Investor Relations website at investors.unity.com under “Governance.” We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendments to, or waiver from, a provision of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics by posting such information on the website address and location specified above.The remaining information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement.Item 11. Executive CompensationThe information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to information contained in the Proxy Statement.Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder MattersThe information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to information contained in the Proxy Statement, including “Equity Compensation Plan Information” and “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management.”Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director IndependenceThe information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to information contained in the Proxy Statement.Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and ServicesThe information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to information contained in the Proxy Statement.139Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.PART IVItem 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules(a)The following documents are filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:(1)Consolidated Financial Statements.Our Consolidated Financial Statements are listed in the “Index to Consolidated Financial Statements” under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.(2)Financial Statement Schedules.Schedules not listed above have been omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable or is shown in the financial statements or notes herein.(3)Exhibits.EXHIBIT INDEXIncorporated by ReferenceExhibit NumberDescription of ExhibitFormFile NumberExhibitFiling Date2.1Asset Purchase Agreement, dated November 7, 2021, by and among Unity Software Inc., Weta Digital Limited, Film Property Trust, Weta holdings LLC, Joseph Letteri, and Weta Principal Fund LLC8-K001-3949710.1November 9, 20213.1Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant8-K001-394973.1September 22, 20203.2Amended and Restated Bylaws of the RegistrantS-1/A333-2482553.4September 9, 20204.1Specimen common stock certificate of the RegistrantS-1/A333-2482554.1September 9, 20204.2Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement by and among the Registrant and certain of its stockholders, dated May 7, 2019S-1333-2482554.2August 24, 20204.3Description of the Registrant's Securities10-K011-394974.3March 5, 20214.4Indenture, dated as of November 19, 2021, by and between Unity Software Inc. And U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee8-K011-394974.1November 19, 20214.5Form of Global Note, representing Unity Software Inc.’s 0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.1)8-K011-394974.2November 19, 202110.1†Unity Software Inc. 2009 Stock Plan and related form agreements10-Q001-3949710.1November 13, 202010.2†Unity Software Inc. 2019 Stock Plan and related form agreements10-Q001-3949710.2November 13, 202010.3*†Unity Software Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan and related form agreements10.4†Unity Software Inc. 2020 Employee Stock Purchase PlanS-1/A333-24825510.5September 9, 202010.5†Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and each of its directors and executive officersS-1/A333-24825510.1September 9, 202010.6Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy10-K011-3949710.6March 5, 202110.7†Form of Confirmatory Offer Letter between Unity Technologies SF and each of Clive Downie, Ralph Hauwert, Ruth Ann Keene, Ingrid LestiyoS-1333-24825510.12August 24, 202010.8†Unity Software Inc. Cash Incentive Bonus PlanS-1333-24825510.16August 24, 2020140Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Incorporated by ReferenceExhibit NumberDescription of ExhibitFormFile NumberExhibitFiling Date10.9Office Lease, dated November 25, 2015, by and between 26 Third Street (SF) Owner, LLC, and Unity Technologies SF, as amended by (i) the First Amendment to Office Lease, dated January 23, 2017, by and between 26 Third Street (SF) Owner, LLC, and Unity Technologies SF, and (ii) the Second Amendment to Office Lease, dated August 1, 2018, by and between 26 Third Street (SF) Owner, LLC, and Unity Technologies SFS-1333-24825510.7August 24, 202010.10Commercial Lease Agreement, dated September 1, 2015, by and between PFA Ejendomme A/S and Unity Technologies ApSS-1333-24825510.8August 24, 202010.11Form of Capped Call Transactions8-K001-3949710.1November 19, 202110.12†Offer Letter Agreement, dated October 21, 2014, by and between Unity Software Inc. and John RiccitielloS-1333-24825510.10August 24, 202010.13†Unity Software Inc. G&A Executive Severance PlanS-1333-24825510.14August 24, 202010.14†Unity Software Inc. Senior Executive Severance PlanS-1333-24825510.15August 24, 202010.15Offer letter and addendum, dated January 8, 2021, by and between Unity Technologies SF and Marc Whitten10-Q001-3949710.1May 12, 202110.16Offer Letter, dated March 15, 2021, by and between Unity Technologies SF and Luis Felipe Visoso8-K001-3949710.1March 17, 202110.17Separation Agreement, dated March 24, 2021, by and between the Unity Technologies SF and Kimberly Jabal8-K001-3949710.1March 30, 202121.1*Subsidiaries of the Registrant23.1*Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm24.1*Power of Attorney (incorporated by reference to the signatures page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K)31.1*Section 302 Certification of Principal Executive Officer31.2*Section 302 Certification of Principal Financial Officer32.1*#Section 906 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer101.INSInline XBRL Instance Document—the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.101.SCH*Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document101.CAL*Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document101.DEF*Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document101.LAB*Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document101.PRE*Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document104Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)*Filed herewith.†Indicates management contract or compensatory plan.141Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.Incorporated by ReferenceExhibit NumberDescription of ExhibitFormFile NumberExhibitFiling Date#The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not be deemed “filed” by the Registrant for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are not to be incorporated by reference into any of the Registrant’s filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in any such filing.(b)Exhibits.See Exhibit Index included in Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.(c)Financial Statement Schedules.All schedules have been omitted because they are not required, not applicable, or not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule.Item 16. Form 10-K SummaryNone.142Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.SIGNATURESPursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.UNITY SOFTWARE INC.Date: February 22, 2022By:/s/ Luis VisosoLuis VisosoSenior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)143Table of ContentsUnity Software Inc.POWER OF ATTORNEYKNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints John Riccitiello, Luis Visoso, and Nora Go, and each one of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in their name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments) to this report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.SignatureTitleDate/s/ John RiccitielloPresident, Chief Executive Officer, and Executive Chairman of the Board of DirectorsFebruary 22, 2022John Riccitiello(Principal Executive Officer)/s/ Luis VisosoSenior Vice President and Chief Financial OfficerFebruary 22, 2022Luis Visoso(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)/s/ Roelof BothaDirectorFebruary 22, 2022Roelof Botha/s/ Mary Schmidt CampbellDirectorFebruary 22, 2022Mary Schmidt Campbell, Ph.D./s/ Egon DurbanDirectorFebruary 22, 2022Egon Durban/s/ David HelgasonDirectorFebruary 22, 2022David Helgason/s/ Alyssa HenryDirectorFebruary 22, 2022Alyssa Henry/s/ Barry SchulerDirectorFebruary 22, 2022Barry Schuler/s/ Robynne SiscoDirectorFebruary 22, 2022Robynne Sisco/s/ Keisha Smith-JeremieDirectorFebruary 22, 2022Keisha Smith-Jeremie144
